
  Purchased this coffee maker at local retailer after trying but returning a KitchenAid with thermal carafe.  The Mr Coffee is 1/2 the price and twice the function.  The optional thermal carafe can be substituted for the glass carafe and the machine automatically detects the carafe and adjusts by turning the hot plate on (glass) or off (thermal.  Has all the functions of the best coffee makers.  Makes great coffee at a temperature that is hot enough to make the coffee taste good without being so hot that it burns the coffee.  I have had some issues with Mr Coffee designs in other older machines but this machine seems to be well designed.  As an example, the water spout that delivers hot water to the coffee grounds is automatically placed over the coffee when the cover is closed.  (You must move the spout to remove the coffee grounds basket and this feature ensures that it is always placed back at the proper location.  The option of glass for 12 cups or thermal for 8 cups of coffee allows great flexibility.  I highly recommend this coffee maker.

  Nothing worse than a good sounding review wasting your time by the "Cons" of the Product.So out with it.Cons: Only "One" noticeable thing, pouring coffee into cup, with pot lid down/closed causes dripping. Simply lift lid a little when pouring to solve. No Biggy...Otherwise, I'm satisfied with it. I had very little to no noticeable problem with "Plastic" taste tainting the coffee even on the first brew.  Note: Mine did have a small "dent" in the chrome faceplate. Barely nothing to make a fuss about or drop the rating for. Hardly noticeable...No Leaks from coffee maker itself!Buttons work really well.Lights are bright and colorful.Coffee Pot fits in and pulls out of station with no troubles.Handle and lid are good.Controls are simple.Water drip ARM automatically repositions when filling lid is closed.Filling the water reservoir takes a little AIM and Precision, but nothing collegiate.Uses standard small paper filters. I use a permanent filter myself.Regular brew or strong brew with the push of a button.Of course HOT coffee with automatic shutoff after 2 hours(beeps when it shuts off)3 Beeps when coffee is ready - I like that!All around it's a good coffee maker so far after like 8 uses. Simple effective coffee maker. Nothing to worry about or wonder about?Does what it's supposed to do. That is, brand new it does what it's supposed to do. Nice and solid!

  After using this Mr. Coffee BVMC-SJX33GT coffeemaker for a week, I thought I would attempt to address some of the complaints that other reviewers had on this coffeemaker. Some of the complaints are valid, others, well, it seems like they're describing a different unit altogether, or at the very least a defective one or a different production run than mine. Here we go:1. Coffee overflowing out of the basket and into the reservoir and out to the countertop: I did not experience this. This could theoretically happen if one were to accidentally use 2 paper filters, which could reduce the rate of coffee going through the basket, which would then create an overflow situation. This scenario would not be limited to this coffeemaker, then. Overflow could also happen if one were to accidentally allow grounds to go into or remain in the plastic basket, which could clog it. Again, not particular to this coffeemaker. Could also happen if the carafe were incorrectly placed in the coffeemaker: not likely at all (see below).2. Length of brew time too long: No reviewers stated how many minutes per batch, or how many cups and minutes per batch. This unit seemed to take a reasonable amount of time - the same amount of time that my Cuisinart maker takes.3. Brewed coffee not hot enough: Using a good candy thermometer, I measured the temperature of a brewed pot of coffee (while in its glass carafe) immediately after brewing: 175 degrees. Scalding hot. Temperature dropped to 155 degrees within 5 minutes. Suggestion: to keep your coffee hot,  move coffee to a hot-charged, insulated carafe immediately after brewing.4.Read more ›

  We recently purchased the Mr. Coffee 12-Cup Programable Coffee Maker and have been extremely pleased with its performance so far. We were fed up with our last coffee maker because it failed to make anything hotter than luke warm coffee. We have had several Mr. Coffee coffee makers over the years, some produced great coffee, others were less impressive. After shopping at our local department store and scanning Amazon reviews we settled on this coffee maker. It has several nice features including a water filter, brew strength adjustments (regular or strong), delay brew, and an optional metal carafe (reduces the number of cups per brew to 8, but keeps the coffee hotter longer). Best of all it produces hot coffee, hotter than any other machine in its price range (that I have tried, and I have tried a lot). Overall it makes good coffee and is probably the highest quality coffee maker in its price range. If you are a true coffee aficionado then you will want to spring for a more upscale coffee maker (look at the Cuisinarts), but for the average coffee drinker this machine works great!

  This is a very short unit and it fits under our cupboards with several inches to spare. Been using it daily for a couple weeks, now and it works fine.  When I first got it, I ran some diluted white vinegar/filtered water through it and followed that with 2 or 3 cycles of just plain filtered water and the coffee tastes great!  Only 2 things to mention that could be improved upon, first, they have these holes on the back of the unit to keep you from overfilling it. Nice idea for safety, but if you fill it past the holes, your countertop is going to take a bath in all the excess water as you are filling it.  This didn't happen to me, as I only make 1/2 pot of coffee at a time.  Secondly, this unit (like all units I have owned) accumulates condensation under the lid and if you open it to fast a lot of water will race down the back of the unit.  Open it slowly, and tap it a bit and no problem.

  I had a Krupps and broke the pot. It would have cost me $23.00 with shipping to replace the pot. So I decided on this model of Mr. Coffee. Frankly, I just wanted a basic coffeemaker, no whistles and bells. Nothing complicated that required studying the book.Just a cheap replacement. This fit the bill.After having this Mr. Coffee for several weeks I can tell you I absolutely love it. It is a very well designed machine and the coffee tastes great too. Highly recommended. A bargain.

  This is a cheap coffee pot that works great. There are NO frills...just an on/off switch but the coffe is good and hot.

  Mr. Coffee machines have always provided me with tasty coffee at a great price. This machine is no different.PROS... It accepts the cheap generic coffee filters. Larger spout means not having to raise the lid before pouring. No drips or spills. Makes fast, delicious coffee. Pause feature. Simple to operate. One lighted on/off button. Nothing to program. No LCD screens to squint at in order to read and decipher. Larger opening in the glass pot makes for easy cleaning (dang those little four-cup brewers!)CONS... only one. The overfill holes are drilled into the largest part of the fill chamber, right where you would normally pour in the water.  I flooded my counter before I realized what was happening. I now pour the water into the narrowest part of the chamber... where the drilled holes should be. Stupid design.Another reviewer encountered a cost differential between the black and white coffee maker. So did I. I opted for the cheaper white, but it shows coffee splatter. I solved this problem by using two filters instead of one. I moisten and fill the first filter with coffee grounds. I place a second filter over top of the grounds. I press the edges of the 2nd filter to the 1st to make it adhere. No coffee back-splash and coffee stain on the lid. The inside of the coffee maker stays clean.

  Although some have complained about this product lacking an auto shut off, to me that is not a big deal.  At least now I have a coffee maker that keeps the coffee hot until I decide to turn it off.  I don't need some computer chip to decide for me how long to keep my coffee hot.  The simplicity of the product also means there is less  to go wrong.  It brews a great pot of coffee.  The price is very reasonable, and who knows, this basic model may possibly last longer than one of those expensive,fancy multi option models.  I am very happy with this simple manual on/off switch coffeemaker.

  So I'm sitting here holding my favorite coffee cup filled with freshly brewed coffee from my new pot. Yes, I've only owned it about an hour but I feel compelled to share my experience.I must admit that I read each review, both for and against this pot, before actually owning it. I was wary of the posts that said the countertops were covered with water after making a pot or that the pot was filled with grounds, etc., so I paid close attention to each complaint as I ran a full 12 cup pot of water through to test so that I could still return it if it didn't work.I put the water exactly at the 12 cup line and when it was done percolating, it was EXACTLY at the 12 cup line on the pot again. Very cool! My last pot lost a few cups in the translation which was very irritating. Not this one! I love the basket and how it is flat. I love the arm that swings over the basket when ready to brew and slides back out of place when ready to empty the grounds. I know I won't be seeing grounds escaping the filter any more! (I never did understand those cone shaped filters) I am perfectly happy with a pot that has no bells and whistles. I had a pot for years that could program the time to auto make a pot and never used it once so if you are like me, this will suit you just fine. I don't need it to auto turn off after 2 hours (a feature not on this machine) since I shut it down when the pot is done dripping. I can reheat the coffee in the microwave! Mmmm. I'm going to start buying decaf so I can drink coffee and brew all day long after the initial pot to wake me up.Thank you, Mr. Coffee!!!

  I've used mine for 2 1/2 years.It's inexpensive.And it still works.  And I have to add I know of no really bad features (but I am not an expert in coffeemakers).My only complaint (and it's pretty important) is the quality of the brewed coffee.This model has a "filter basket".  I believe the ones that have a "cone" shape result in a stronger brew.Also, the resultant coffee does not taste hot enough.I believe that models differ in this regard, and that a hotter brew tastes better.

  
    
      
        
















                   






    
    



amznJQ.onReady('Airy', function() {
  Airy.embed({"installFlashButtonText":"Install Flash Player","contentTitle":null,"autoplayCutOffTimeSeconds":null,"ageGate":{"monthNames":["January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"deniedPrompt":"We're sorry. You are not old enough to watch this video.","submitText":"Submit","prompt":"This video is not intended for all audiences. What date were you born?"},"videoAds":null,"videoUnsupportedPrompt":"Sorry, this video is unsupported on this browser.","desiredMode":"hybrid","swfUrl":"http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/vap/video/airy2/prod/2.0.902.0/flash/AiryBasicRenderer._V320612526_.swf","isAutoplayEnabled":null,"installFlashPrompt":"Adobe Flash Player is required to watch this video.","isLiveStream":null,"regionCode":"NA","contentId":null,"playbackErrorPrompt":"Sorry, an error has occurred while attempting video playback. Please try again later.","contentMinAge":null,"isForesterTrackingDisabled":null,"streamingUrls":["http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/D1MSNqQ7ZtS.LV._.mp4"],"parentId":"airy-player-container-mo2FEC11Z1YOO3T","slateImages":{"http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91pQzk%2BYVfS.S._.png":null},"foresterMetadataParams":{"client":"CustomerReviews","requestId":"1G55NK9ABMJWMH8BTMH2","marketplaceId":"ATVPDKIKX0DER","session":"185-4868823-2215919"}});
});



          
            Length:
          
          
            4:18
            Mins
          
      
      
        
      
    
  

  Here's what comes with this Hamilton Beach coffeemaker:* coffee maker* 12-cup carafe* basket that takes cupcake-style coffee filters for ground coffee* tray for making individual servings of coffee with two inserts: one insert is used for ground coffee or coffee "pods", the second insert is for K-Cup coffee packs* manual and quick-start guideNote that the individual travel coffee mug shown in the picture on the box is not included.This coffeemaker allows you to make coffee how you like it--a full pot or just an individual cup. And you can use coffee grounds or K-Cups or coffee "pods". Also, when making a pot of coffee you can program the time you want the coffee to be made.In the video I show the various options and features of this Hamilton Beach coffeemaker, as well as demonstrate making a cup of coffee.After using this coffeemaker for a while, I'm happy with it, as it gives me more flexibility than my previous coffeemaker, which only brewed a carafe at a time. Also, I've been wanting to try one of those K-Cup coffeemakers, and so this unit gives me the best of both worlds.

  Are you one of the unlucky ones who've purchased this coffeemaker only to be disgusted by the liquid plastic taste and smell?  So was I. I decided on the FlexBrew because it meets every need that we have, and as far as I can tell Hamilton Beach is the only company that's invented a dual carafe/k-cup model.I'm an avid Amazon shopper, but decided to buy mine in a local store in case we didn't like it, it would be easier to return.  I picked one up a local store last week.  Came home, unpacked it on the kitchen table.  The first thing that hit me was that plastic odor.  Now, I know I have a 'smeller' that is above-average, so I thought..."it's just me." But when my husband, who normally can't smell a darn thing, came home from work, he was barely in the back door before he asked me if I had burned something plastic.  I spent the next 3 days reading tips online and trying everything.  I cleaned it with white vinegar.  I cleaned it with baking soda.  I used Dawn.  I even tried a vodka-cleaning solution that I saw.  Ran 2 quarts of vinegar through both sides.  The carafe-side filter seemed to fare a little better, smelled about 60% better.  But the K-cup apparatus still stunk to high heaven.  It seemed to be the worst offender. We spent the next 3 days making coffee in it, and soaking the parts every night, but you could still taste the plastic in the coffee.  It permeates your head...for hours afterwards it's in your mouth, in your throat, in your sinuses.  Well, you know the deal.I hated to give up on the Flexbrew because I really want those features!  I was confused how there could be 850 reviews with only a small percentage of people complaining of the plastic smell.  Does everyone else not notice this?  How could that be possible?  I was perplexed.Read more ›

  WELL well well......... Hamilton Beach UPPED  the  game on this one....I didn't think Hamilton Beach could beat my  "true love "their 2 scoop brewer from last year but dang they did it again...  they kept all the wonderful properties from  the 2 scoop maker  i.e1. makes a great cup of coffee  either on the single side or the whole pot2. No learners manual to set up and run3. a carafe that pours without dripping and doesn't need to be turned upside down to get the coffee out4.easy clean up.... and best of all  Single cup function........ NOW  on THE single cup side..1.  you can use the famous K-cups if  you so choose2. OR... just plan ground coffee3.OR... coffee flat pods..WHOO HOO>>>>>>>>>.. so the choices are yours.  YOU ARE THE MASTER BREWER  DO  it your way.......The Sweet Spot... they  hit them ALL.. And they added a few NEW things...:1. a side view window so you can see the amt of water your adding for either whole pot or the single serve It even has ameasuring marking to show you exactly HOW much water to add if your using the Kcups.. or single drip coffee2.a BELL DINGS when the coffee is done ( YES>.. love that feature )3. HOT , Hot coffee... ( thank you)4.k-cup options works Just like the  K---- coffee pots.. the single side brew is much much FASTER then the previous version5. just one site to add water vs 2 we had on previous version...Wow am  I one happy camper... after setting it up and cleaning I brewed a Kcup Hot cocoa.. ( later after noon) followed the simple directions and DONE..Nx tried the home ground coffee in the mini drip single container..((with its.Read more ›

  This is the coffee maker I've been waiting for. I drink a lot of coffee. I always liked the idea of K-Cups, but their price deterred my from buying a Keurig. Now that I can brew a pot of coffee, K-Cups, or a single serving of coffee in one machine, I'm in heaven.I'm going to tell you how to get the most out of this machine: Keep that ridiculous water level sensor turned off! This machine really aggravated me when I first tried to brew a single cup of coffee. If you have, literally, 1oz too much water in the reservoir, it will not brew a single serving cup or K-Cup. The solution? Keep the sensor in the water reservoir pushed down. I used a bamboo skewer to accomplish this. Now I can brew any size single serving mug of coffee I want with no annoying ERR messages. Do be careful though, on the single cup side there is no shut-off if you put more water in than what your mug will hold. (See the Customer Images section for a pic of this)I've had this a week. I absolutely love it now that I've found a way to make this usable for me. I hope this helps others in solving that stupid ERR message problem. I gave it 4 out of 5 for having to rig this up myself, but honestly I love this machine. It's wonderful.

  Have had this coffeemaker for a few weeks and am extremely pleased.  Very simple to operate, makes super hot coffee and love the idea of making a pot or just a mug/travel mug.  The single serve side utilizes Senseo pods which are quite good and easy to find in my grocery store.  You can also use non-pod coffee so options are limitless.  It took me a lot of time to find the perfect coffeemaker for my household - some of the reviews are scary (flooded kitchens).  I absolutely love this coffeemaker - and since I can also make just a cup of very hot tea, this has everything I could need.

  I'm only an owner of the product for 1 day, however I have brewed 6 single serves and 1 pot and so far, it works as described.What I really loved about this machine was/is the concept.  However, when I was deciding to purchase, I thought that it required the Senseo pads for the Single cup brew as there was very little info in the product features.After receiving it, I was pleasantly surprised that the single cup brewing contained a little permanent filter that can be used with standard coffee grinds, awesome don't need to pay for the Senseo if I don't want to.  It also came with a pack of 18 senseo pads as well.Last night was perfect test of the single cup concept. I had already programmed and prepped my 7AM standard coffee brew, however I still wanted a cup of coffee (this happens often).  So I switched over to the single cup and brewed my cup, then switched back and pressed the program button to ensure it would still brew the main pot at 7am.  Worked like a charm!!  Before I would have had to brew the entire 6 cups that were ready, toss out most of it and setup my morning brew all over again.So far, very happy with the product.  I will adjust review / rating as required, but so far 5 stars.Update : 12/29/2012 - 1 Year laterIt has been a year and the machine is holding up well.  No leaks, no cracks, not even surface wear.  If I were to notice one thing from day 1 to day 370 is the single cup brewer puts out about 4 drips after it shuts off where as it didn't do that 6 months ago.  Again, that is the ONLY thing I notice after a year of use.We brew about 1 pot in the main craft in the morning, and at least 3 cups on the side using the permanent filter every day.  If it were to break today for any reason I would say it was worth the price and would purchase again.

  just retired a $300 High price FANCY Coffee maker ...with all the bells and whistles on it., to the garage...... It made the WORSE cup of coffee I have had in years... Instant tastes better...So I wasn't expecting to fall IN LOVE .................. Well Hamilton Beach ... I LOVE YOU and YOUR DESIGNERS. You listened to the people and what they hate and what they Love.. And married them .. To make this lovely item to grace my KitchenTHANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU.............................................................................I have been on a quest to find a Coffee maker that meets my requirements.SIMPLE AS THEY ARE :#1  makes a HOT CUP OF COFFEE that TASTES GREAT#2 Carafe pours without dripping and doesn't have to be tipped upside down to get the coffee out#3 Easy to set up without needed a Learners Manual to run it#4 Clean up is easy*********On the wish list but NEVER expecting to find it ,was  the single cup function that I looked with envy at my friends fancy dancy high priced K model..Brewers( just couldn't' swallow the $50/ lb price tag for their coffee.)Well low and behold along comes this gem.by Hamilton Beach.. And to make it even SWEETER .. It makes LOOSE LEAF TEA in the single serving side !!  Can  you see me giving a HIGH FIVE.  And Dancing around my Kitchen.??  Yes it made me that HAPPY.Ok so here is the scoop.. BUY IT... You won't be sorry.............................  You can look at the pix's and read the description  but just look at all the 5 STARS REVIEWS.. We can't all be crazy.

  My 20 year old GE under cabinet coffee maker gave up the spirit and my wife has been wanting to try a Keurig.  Not me, I grind my frozen beans and immediately brew a pot.  Besides, that K-cup stuff gets pricey compared to buying whole beans.  So, this rig seemed to strike a good balance.After owning it for a month, I remain quite pleased with this model.  My wife gets to have her Senseo flavors while I enjoy the traditional method.  While I won't critique the Senseo flavors, they are far "greener" than the plastic K-cups. (I have I mentioned how much I hate plastic water bottles strewn everywhere?)  The Senseo pods easily disappear with a flick of the in-sink waste disposal.The travel mug is OK, I suppose, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice for travel since it uses an O-ring lid compression seal instead of a screw on lid.  The Senseo side of the coffemaker also allows for ground coffee or drop some instant coffee (yuk), cocoa or tea bag.There is a water sight indicator on the carafe side just in case you need to remember if water was previously added.The only possible negative is the clock/timer setting in that it is easy to accidentally change the hours or minutes while handling the unit.  The clock has no lock feature.  No biggie, really.If anyone seeks a dual purpose coffeemaker, this Hamilton-Beach product is just the ticket.

  I've had the Cuisinart DCC-1200 for about a week now. I was hesitant to spend so much on a coffee maker but I'm happy to report it's well worth it. Sure, you can get other brands of coffee makers for under $25 if economy is the most important feature, but I've had those machines and I decided that, this time, a good cup of coffee was most important for me.  This unit makes the best coffee I've had in a home or office machine and better than most coffee I've had in restaurants.This coffee tastes smooooooth!  I suspect the charcoal water filter is the reason for that.  I also like the "shower head" design of the water spout.  The water actually runs up a track onto the underside of the lid and is sprinkled over the ground coffee like a rain shower.It's an attractive unit but it also looks like a serious coffee maker.  This unit is no toy.  It looks and feels solid. The carafe has a good solid feel and balance. The plastic parts (like the plastic carafe lid and handle) feel like good heavyweight plastic and are well molded. It's not the lightweight crappy plastic that cracks and discolors easily in the cheap coffee makers.I like the 5 beeps when the coffee is ready.  Now I can leave the kitchen and go clean or whatever and I don't have to keep running back to see if I can get a cup yet.  I can hear the beeps.  But if I really can't wait and want a cup in mid-brew, I can just remove the pot and pour a cup - you've got a full 30 seconds to reinsert the pot, before you risk an overflowing filter.I like the permanent gold-tone filter too.  I always thought paper filters were a pain. They'd fold over sometimes and there'd be grounds in my coffee. But you can use paper filters in this machine if you want to.Read more ›

  When my Braun FlavorSelect coffee maker unexpectedly stopped working, I had to scramble to find a new machine. I wanted another Braun, but unfortunately, they seem to have stopped making a 12 cup coffee maker. So I had to begin an intense search for a machine that had the features I wanted combined with good value. I finally found it with this Cuisinart model.The advantages? For one, it makes excellent and HOT coffee. The carafe is solidly constructed and fits securely in square body so there's no chance of someone accidentally knocking it loose. Because the lid fits tightly, the pour is precisely narrow and smooth, with no side leaks even when the pot is full. The basket fits inside the housing instead of swinging free like so many models which prevents a misalignment between the water and the filter; the conical (Krups/Braun style) basket accepts both paper filters and gold-tone, although I learned the hard way that not all gold filters fit. The timer is very easy to program, as is the clock. The carafe warmer can be set at low, medium, or high for the temperature that's right for you. I found the "high" setting too hot since I drink my coffee black (I like my coffee hot but not scalding!), but those who add a lot of milk might appreciate it. The brewing is quick and efficient, with the process taking about a minute a cup, maybe less. The retro/stainless look complements most modern kitchen décors. There's a 1-4 cup setting to make sure such small amounts stay hot, and you can select how long the warmer remains on. The pot beeps five times when brewing is complete and just before the warming plate shuts off. Parts are top rack dishwasher safe. It comes with a water filter system designed to improve the taste of the brew.But the Cuisinart does have disadvantages.Read more ›

  After purchasing 3 other coffee makers, the 4th one is the charm!  This coffee maker makes great tasting coffee.  I never knew there was a difference -- it's worth spending a few more dollars on.  It also has all of the features I was looking for such as: adjustable warming plate, 1-4 cup selection, water filter, programmable.  It is a rather tall machine, but certainly not a problem as it fits fine underneathe most cabinets.  Als, the carafe is well-made and has a spout that pours nicely without spilling.  No complaints about this one!

  Two weeks ago, I needed a new coffee maker.  The Krups Aroma Control maker is in all the stores and catalogs, so I bought one in the local mall BEFORE reading the Amazon reviews.  BIG MISTAKE.  Lesson learned - read the reviews - many negative comments.  I used it for 3 days, and readily understood the description (...) of "eye candy" (looks nice, but seems like cheap plastic) and weak coffee (what they describe as a feature - allowing the coffee to steep - is really a euphemism for a poorly designed system that is guaranteed to give you a weak cup of coffee).  One redeeming feature - the carafe is very nice.Within 2 days of having the Krups, i was on Amazon looking for a replacement coffee maker (a good cup of coffee is critical in the morning!).  I went out on the risk curve and ordered the new Cuisinart - no reviews yet.  The Cuisinart has a more classic brewing system (water goes through grinds via gravity), yields a delicious cup of HOT coffee, has a variable temperature hot place, and looks and feels solid.  We happen to have stainless steel appliances (refrigerator, freezer, stove), and it matches beautifully.  Best news - excellent coffee!.  I would highly recommend the Cuisinart.

  I've tried many coffee makers over the years and this model #46201 by Hamilton Beach is by far the best I've ever owned. There are several very intuitive features that make this particular coffee maker stand apart from the rest. The description and pictures on this Amazon listing don't even begin to describe the features that make this coffee maker great, so I will describe them for you.1. Removable water reservoir - The bottom of the coffee maker is equipped with little rollers. To fill the coffee maker with water, you simply turn the coffee maker around 90 degrees, grab the reservoir by the little handle and lift up to remove it. Take it over to the sink, fill it up, drop the reservoir back into place, and spin the coffee maker back around. This solves two problems that most other coffee makers have, in that I don't have to pull the machine out from underneath the kitchen cabinet in order to open the lid, and I also don't have to worry about trying to pour the water into a tiny little opening in the back of the machine. Great feature.2. Front access to coffee ground basket - The coffee ground basket is located above the decanter, and it swings out to the front, giving me easy access to add my coffee and filter. Again, no more pulling the machine out in order to open the top lid like other coffee makers. There is a button on the right side of the machine, and when pushed the basket is released and it swings out to meet you. It takes regular sized flat bottom coffee filters, and the bottom of the coffee basket has the little spring loaded button that stops the flow of coffee if you decide to pull the decanter out while the coffee is still brewing.3.Read more ›

  I rarely post product reviews, but this product is worth commenting on.  My wife and I are retired and thus have worn out many coffee makers during the years.  This is the best one yet.  It simply makes a great pot of coffee and the design has solved most of the problems that plague other units.  Other reviewers have done a good job of explaining the pros of this coffee maker.  So I'd like to address some of the complaints that I've read here.  (We bought one in spite of the complaints simply based on the 4-1/2 star rating and good comments.)"Don't like the blue light: - Well I like the blue light.  I had to use a flashlight to read the display on our last (expensive) drip maker.  With this one, the electroluminescent display is a good size and easy to read in the dark or light.  It is not obtrusively bright."Water reservoir leaks all over the counter" - Mine doesn't leak a drop.  There is a valve on the bottom of the reservoir that must close when the reservoir is removed from the unit.  I suspect that this reviewer has a defective valve, which would be replaced under warranty.  And as other reviewers noted, there are multiple benefits with a removable reservoir including being able to fill it at the sink and to remove it for cleaning.  It can be immersed."Doesn't heat enough for full coffee taste" - The coffee made with this unit tastes better than any we've had before."Drips each time you pour from it" - I don't understand this comment at all unless it was made by a competitor.  I poured coffee from a full carafe as slowly as possible and could not get it to drip.  There is a plastic ring bonded to the rim, and the pour slot has a very sharp designed edge to prevent dripping.  It works great.Read more ›

  I don't write many reviews, but this coffee maker is the whole package. In almost 40 years of making a home, I've been through multiple coffee makers and they all let me down for one reason or another. If someone were to custom make one for me, it would have the exact features found here. It has the auto-brew feature that I require, so I can put my coffee together at bedtime and I wake to aroma of it brewing. Of course it has the 2-hour auto shutoff for my safety. No problem to just hit the button if there is still coffee left that I want to keep warm. It has the "cheat" feature I require some mornings, also known as pause-and-brew, that lets you sneak out a cup without coffee running everywhere. Those are available in many coffee makers. But with this one, in the keep warm scenario, I also have the option to lower the heat on the warming tray so that my coffee doesn't cook away and become bitter. An additional feature I love is that I can slow the brewing time to get a stronger brew from my coffee without the bitterness that just adding more ground coffee to the basket would cause. Awesome taste. It has a simple square profile that I love. The pot snugs in there nicely. The pot itself is the FIRST ONE I have owned that doesn't dribble coffee over the side as I pour. Not once. Note one drop. There is a button on the side that swings the basket out to me, no muss, no fuss. Last, but by no means least is the awesome water reservoir. It comes off the maker altogether, you put it under the faucet, fill it, return it to the maker. You do not EVER have to pour water from one vessel to another. Amazingly wonderful combination of all excellent features. Coffee dream come true.

  As a person who considers himself a bit of a coffee connoisseur, I would like to shed some light on criticisms I found to be consistent amongst the less glowing reviews.  I think some people who purchased this machine are a bit unfamiliar with the advantages versus traditional (glass carafe) brewers.  They are mistaking some of the positives for negatives.  I hope this helps current and potential buyers, as for the price (or even for more money) you'd be hard-pressed to find anything better.  Allow me to explain...STAINLESS STEEL CARAFE: A double insulated carafe (as found on the Melitta) serves to keep the coffee warm without a warming plate following the brewing cycle.  Though the coffee does lose heat over time, you will not lose any taste.  Glass carafes require a warming plate that keeps coffee at a consistent temperature by essentially cooking it.  In other words, your coffee will taste horrible not long after the brewing cycle has finished.  Imagine keeping your coffee on a low-flame stove burner all morning!COFFEE TEMPERATURE: There is an accepted optimal brewing temperature for coffee of between 195-205°F.  The Melitta is designed with this in mind.  Other coffee makers are not.  If you brew coffee at too high a temperature, you cook and over-extract the grinds.  This results in a bitter taste.FILTER BASKET: This is a cone-shaped basket instead of the more common flat-bottomed basket.  The cone shape allows the water to contact the grounds for longer and create a fuller brew.  Also, it is highly advisable to use unbleached paper filters versus reusable mesh ones.  The paper filters absorb much of the acidity resulting in a smoother tasting coffee.  Having used the permanent gold-tone filters in the past, I can say from experience they simply don't work as well.

  YES YES YES! Finally a working coffee pot that wasn't designed/built by total morons!A coffee maker should do the following:1. Make coffee into a pot (not on the counter)2. Make hot coffee (listen up mr coffee!)3. Actually pour coffee out of the carafe! (again something mt coffee hasn't figured out)4. Actually brew the entire filters worth of grinds and not just part of the grinds5. Not cost an Arm and a leg.... It's a simple applianceAfter going through 6 different coffee makers from 4 different mfg's I finally found one that meets my extremely picky 5 requirements (sarcasm) this maker is the ONLY one that does!

  If you are reading these reviews on coffee makers you, like me, are amazed at how nearly every maker has very mixed reviews.  Why can't a good standard coffee maker be made? My first drip coffee maker lasted 15 years, my second about 8 years but after reading many of the reviews, it appears it's now common for makers to only last 2-3 years!  I do like to grind my own beans and my previous coffee maker was a Melitta but it was mediocre in grinding and started to leak at the end of its 8 years.  I decided this medium priced coffee maker without a coffee grinder was a good compromise on price and functionality.  I have been using it for a month now and have been very impressed.  The cone filters do give a better brew but only if you get coffee that is medium fine ground, many commercial coffees are coarse ground.Melitta also makes some coffee and I have found their Vienna Roast to be particularly good.  I do believe that the setting on the machine allowing you to make stronger or weaker brews does work.  It basically does a slower cycle if you want stronger coffee but again make sure you have medium fine ground coffee to make this work for you. For those of you who are fanatics about hot coffee, it stays plenty hot on the warmer, I had to actually change my setting to a cooler setting. My only criticism is the basket handle must be up when you insert it into the maker.  Once you hear the basket snap then you fold down the handle.  It took me several days to figure out why I was having difficulty with the basket.  I would have given 5 stars had this feature worked better, but not a problem once you understand how to insert it correctly.So after my frustration at researching coffee makers I am very happy with this one.Read more ›

  UPDATE: I'm updating the review just to reinforce its pros and add another.  After 4 months, it's working like a champ(as expected).  I'd like to add another pro:  Sometimes when I pour the coffee too quickly, the coffee overcomes the spout and coffee drips along the carafe's wall on to the table - especially when the carafe is full.  I always have to be careful not to pour it too quickly.  However the spout on this carafe is made such that it prevents over-spill.  I love it.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Original review:I usually brew my coffee with Bialetti 6800 Moka Express 6-Cup Stovetop Espresso Maker with whole coffee beans ground by Bodum Bistro Electric Burr Coffee Grinder, Black.  However, when we have guests, we need a regular coffee maker:  I can't brew enough coffee with Moka Express without running it 2-4 times and that just simply takes too long.We used to have a braun coffee maker with served us well.  When it started leaking, we had to look for an alternative.  I was not too impressed with any of the cuisinarts and finally trimmed my selection down to this and Zojirushi coffee makers.  While trying to decide, Woot.com had a Wolfgang Puck coffee maker on sale and I pulled the trigger.  I shouldn't have.  When it arrived, I was let down by cheap-feeling plastics and "metals".  The carafe had to be inserted with pressure and just right position to avoid spills.Read more ›

  I bought the Mr. Coffee 4-cup coffee maker a month and a half ago, and have no complaints thus far. I use the thing almost every day.Time involvement:I am a college student and part time employee who wakes up a different time each morning of the week, and I also like to drink tea sometimes instead of coffee. Mostly I brew coffee in the morning, but sometimes I like to see if I can go all day without a caffeine dependence, only to find I need to brew a cup late in the evening to finish my day's responsibilities. So far, this coffee maker has fit very well into my irregular coffee drinking schedule. It brews all four cups in about 5 minutes, and it only takes a few minutes to place in a filter, add coffee grounds, brew, then rinse the carafe and removable coffee filter basket. On days when I'm racing out the door, taking the small amount of time to prepare my coffee doesn't impede my rush.Taste:I buy gourmet coffee, and I find that the coffee comes out tasting great. Sometimes I take my gourmet coffee to the brewer at work--which is a 12-cup, 2-carafe brewer--and the coffee isn't nearly as good. Since these are the only brewers I've used regularly, I'm not sure if there are any brewers that brew "cleaner," but since I don't notice any unusual tastes in my coffee, I'd say this one is pretty clean. To enhance taste, I use cold water from my Brita faucet filter--I've found that impurities in tap water are sometimes amplified when heated in coffee brewers. I use paper filters now, just because there weren't any 4-cup permanent filters at the store when I bought this, but I hear permanent filters provide even cleaner of a taste.Read more ›

  We all know that too much coffee is terrible for the body in several ways.  So, instead of using the 12-cup coffee maker, we decided to go with a smaller one - to force me to drink less coffee.  I love this product for a number of reasons.Pros:- Perfect size for a single coffee drinker.- Timer is great.  Every other 4-cup maker that I found were switch based without a timer setting.  Timer settings are really helpful when you want to just get your coffee and go.- Easy to clean.  This product has a removeable filter cup for easy cleaning.  Also, the auto-pause in brewing is helpful to both allow for quick removal and less spilling.Cons:- It takes a little longer to brew 4 cups with this maker as it does in a larger maker.  This may simply be due to the size of the product.Summary:- I really like this product.  It makes coffee perfectly.  It is compact and takes up very little space.  It is perfect for my coffee needs.

  02/25/2013 - Hard to believe this little coffee maker has been with me for over five years now. It's been through a move to my offsight office and back to my main office. The clock still keeps excellent time. The only thing to report is that the little tab inside that holds the lid down is starting to wear out. I just put my mug on the top while it's brewing coffee (so the steam doesn't escape) and keep on rolling. Best money I've ever spent on a coffee maker. I think it deserves six stars (the extra star for reliability and longevity).09/02/2010 - Two year follow-up and the DRX5 is still working great.  The clock gains maybe a minute per year if that.  This is the best small coffee maker I've ever owned and has led to several other people in my office purchasing like model.09/07/2008 - I've been using my Mr. Coffee DRX5 coffee maker for eight months now and I really like it. I wanted a small coffee maker for my desk at work and this one has really fit the bill. It has a very small footprint so it works great on my desk, it has not leaked a drop which is also good, and it makes pretty good coffee. (I use a heaping 2 tablespoon scoop for four cups.) I chose the black color so it doesn't show the stains. The unit has a removable filter basket so I don't spill grounds when emptying and the water level sight "glass" (which is plastic) is really handy since I fill it out of a water bottle rather than using the carafe. The clock is a great feature as I don't have one at my desk. (I notice that others have mentioned having problems with the clock but mine works just fine.)  The output when I make a full pot fills my coffee cup about twice which I find is about the right amount of coffee for me.I only have minor complains.Read more ›

  I read many of the previous reviews, some of which were not very flattering to this specific coffee maker. I decided to try it out and come up with my own conclusion. Here is my opinion on the Mr. Coffee 4-cup Programmable Coffeemaker. I purchased two of them, one for my husband who likes coffee and one for me who favors tea (although on occassion I will make a pot of coffee). Some remarks were that the coffee had a "plastic" taste. When we first took the coffeemaker out of the box it certainly had a "plastic" smell to it, oh, but of course, it is made of plastic. Thank goodness it had that "NEW" plastic smell, otherwise I might think it was previously used. The coffee and the tea did not have any plastic taste to it.  Then I read that it takes too long to brew. I did not find this to be true, it took just the right amount of time to make a great pot of coffee/tea, probably less than 4 minutes. But then, I do multitask in the morning allowing the pot to brew. So, I found no issue with brewing time.  On the responses that made pouring an issue and that it was found that the 4-cup would not fill 2 large mugs, here is what I found. Absolutely no problem with pouring. I have had larger coffeemakers in the past that seemed to have this problem no matter what I tried, so I do understand the issue. But this one is perfect. Next, I do have a large mug and what I found works for me is when I fill my first mug up, I add just a small amount of water to the pot so that when I came back for my next refill, it is just enough to fill my mug. Also, by doing this the tea and the coffee are not too strong and bitter, as can happen when they sit and continue brewing.  So far I have had no issue with the clock settings. I am neither gaining or losing time.Read more ›

  Fussy Lid, but the Best Coffee Maker Ever!, April 23, 2005Reviewer: R. Wilner (Metro Detroit) - See all my reviewsI wish Amazon had 1/2 stars, because I would have given 4 1/2. I almost gave it a 5 star rating, but the lid may bug some people. I will admit that the lid MUST be placed in a perfect position, but how to do it is no mystery. Clearly etched in the top of the lid are the words "Open" "Close" and "Pour." If you put the lid on so that the word "Pour" is directly over the spout, it's no problem. When you go to screw on the lid, just make sure that the word "Pour" starts out over the spout and when it's closed, it will end up there. No big deal. My guess is, the people who have given negative reviews about the lid were impatient with it.My reason for buying this coffee-maker was the 12-OUNCE thermal carafe. This was one of the only coffee-makers I saw with a 12oz carafe as opposed to an 8 or 10 ounce. This was a huge selling point for me. As someone who nurses a whole pot a coffee a day, I also was attracted to the fact that I read it keeps coffee hot for so long.I have had the coffee-maker for over a month now, and I am NOT disappointed! I have not had one single overflow incident and I have had no problems. I suspect that those with overflow problems overfilled the reservoir or didn't pay attention to how they put the lid on.One thing I must share with those of you considering this coffee-maker. One day I made a pot of coffee and I forgot about it. The next day, approximately 36 hours later, I remembered I had made coffee the previous day, so I figured I'd pour a cup and microwave it. Microwaving was unnecessary. The coffee came out STEAMING hot. As if I had just made it!Read more ›

  My beloved 25 year-old Rowenta finally died, so I started looking for a new pot with a vacuum carafe and a cone filter. That narrowed the prospects quite a bit, and I bought the Cuisinart because it was easily available and (relatively) inexpensive compared to others with the same features. I read the numerous poor reviews but figured it wouldn't take a rocket scientist to make it work, so I pressed on.Sure enough, the pot was defective in a couple of ways.1. The instruction booklet says to _fill_ the carafe and pour it into the reservoir. The carafe holds twelve cups and the reservoir holds the same before the small hole in back below the hinge dumps any excess on your counter, so in theory it's impossible to over fill. So far, so good - but the guy at Cuisinart who designed this pot apparently skipped his junior high science class the day they described how water expands when it is heated.Twelve cups of cold tap water expands to about twelve and a half cups when it is raised to boiling. So, if you fill the reservoir according to instructions and heat the water, the carafe will overflow onto your counter every single time.  Only fill it to the top of the stainless part.2. There's another reason that it randomly barfs hot coffee all over your counter that is not related to the problem related above. I spent a few hours testing my pot with just water (no coffee) to figure out what was going on. It worked perfectly twice, and put hot water on the counter about a dozen times, starting anywhere from when the carafe was half full to almost full. Suddenly the water would stop running into the carafe as though it was plugged up and start spilling over the side. I took the (patent pending!) lid completely apart to see if something might be getting jammed.Read more ›

  I have had this coffee maker for about 3 weeks now. I read all these reviews before I purchased, and almost didn't because of some of them, so I thought I'd let you know how it worked out for me since you are probably having the same concerns.The short version: I am very pleased with this coffee maker and am happy I purchased it. There are a couple of minor concerns, but with a bit of knowledge you can safely purchase this coffee maker.Pros:- Very solid construction and carafe. Good overall look and feel.- The carafe keeps coffee hot all day. A huge plus. I only get carafe style (no warmer) coffee makers, and this is one of the best I've used.- Simple and easy programmable auto-brew functionality.- The fill container has a very easy to read measuring line, making filling it to a desired level very easy and convenient. A bonus I didn't know I was missing until I got this machine.Cons:- Pretty slow brewing. Takes 15-20 minutes to brew a full pot.- Does not come with the filter basket. Make sure you purchase one when you order. It is well worth it, and way better than paper filters.- It is a slow pourer. You may think "well come on, how much of a hurry are you in?" But when you fill travel size mugs, you really notice how slow it is. It is not a deal breaker, just letting you know.- The big one: SPILLAGE! Yes, this happened, but it can be avoided.The Spillage: I'd read all about the complaints - "It overflowed all over my counter", "made a huge mess", "worst coffee maker ever", and so I was concerned. At first some people were chalking it up to not putting the lid of the carafe on properly.Read more ›

  Since we don't usually need a full pot of coffee except on weekends -- I typically just grab a Starbucks "Via" instant coffee on the way to work in the morning (a pretty remarkable innovation, by the way) -- I was attracted to the hot water dispenser on this coffee maker.  I like it particularly because of its 58-ounce capacity -- meaning that you don't have to keep refilling it if you're just using it once each morning to fill a car mug.  My wife prefers tea to coffee, and she loves being able to get a cup of really hot water whenever she likes.  (We fill it with spring water, and the results are superb.)  I haven't had any problem with the "add water" light, as another reviewer apparently did.  I was concerned about squandering energy by keeping a reservoir of water constantly hot, but it doesn't.  It keeps only about 13 ounces of water at serving temperature; the rest of the reservoir is unheated.  It doesn't take all that much energy to keep 13 ounces of water hot.  And if you know you won't be wanting hot water for a while, you can just turn it off with the on/off button.  I had expected it to heat water instantly through some kind of coil system -- much like an under-sink unit does -- but not so.  As a result, if the unit hasn't been on, there's about a 3-minute wait for the water to reach the right temperature.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I wish the hot water dispenser were programmable in the way the coffee maker is, but it isn't.  You have to start it manually.  (No - you can't use an outlet timer  because the unit has an electronic on/off switch.)  I also wish the hot water dispenser had a temperature adjustment (the coffee maker does); the water it dispenses is so hot that I have to wait for several minutes before I can drink any beverage I make with it.Read more ›

  I looked at a LOT of different coffee makers before deciding on this model. Buying a coffee maker has to be one of the hardest things to buy. The problems come in because everyone has a different take on what coffee is supposed to taste like and unfortunately many of them are dead wrong. The most important thing for anyone that really enjoys coffee the way it is supposed to be made is that the water heats up to a sufficient temperature (greater than 190 degrees). This allows for the best flavor to be extracted from the coffee ground without that bitter taste that you get when the temperature is too low. Since most people don't know that you don't find that information in most reviews. I found that information in the good reviews for this product and it had an overall rating of 4.5 at the time that I purchased it but I was a bit concerned with some of the bad reviews. They pointed to things like the carafe leaking, the hot water dispenser side leaking or not functioning correctly, bad tasting water, etc. Well, I'm happy to report that I have not seen any of these problems.Pros1) Hot water dispenser heats water to 185 degrees. This is perfect for anything you might want to use it for.2) The coffee maker side heats the water to about 200 degrees. This is GREAT for making a really good cup of coffee.3) The coffee temperature allows the coffee too stay warm even after I add half & half.4) The lid on the carafe is NOT hinged which means that it doesn't flop around when you're pouring and it doesn't have a flimsy hinge to break.5) The hot water dispenser side is HUGE, much larger than it looks in the pictures. That is why I've uploaded some pictures with mugs sitting on it and my tape measure showing the actual size. It fits both very wide and very tall mugs.Read more ›

  This machine was to make both the coffee hound and the tea lover in our family happy in the morning. Only one of us is happy.. No complaints at all with the coffee maker..The hot water dispenser has a strong bad taste that I cant get rid of with repeated vinegar or the 1 cup of lemon juice suggested by the customer service representative.. She had heard my story many times before..The taste is similar to drinking out of a garden hose. The customer rep assured me that the insides are stainless steel and not plastic. I think there may be some quality control issues...Even if I could get the bad taste out, the dispenser will only release 16 oz of water for the 32 oz you must put into it. This leaves 16 oz to sit until the next day to be reheated when you add 16 oz of new water.You must always put in 32 oz to get out 16 oz. If you put in any amount less than 32 oz, the "add water" light will come on after only 6 oz drawn out..The machine will not let you take more than this out--even thought there is plenty more inside of it.Consequently the new water put in always mixes with the old water that is both stale and bad tasting. Who wants day old water that has the taste diminished further by reheating? I see this as a big design flaw that requires you to take the entire machine to the sink, pull the very ergonomically incorrect and difficult plug out of the bottom and manually drain it... The manual tells you to do this if the water has been in the dispenser a week or more...There always will be water in the dispenser a week or more.. yuck..I say back to the drawing board with this item..Not what I expected from Cuisinart...

  Just received my new Keurig B130 DeskPro Brewing System today.... And I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!! I have already made both coffee and tea with it. Beverage comes out at the perfect temperature each time. Simple to use. Takes up little space, which is perfect if you don't have a lot of counter space like me. I ordered this brewer over the many other choices of Keurig systems because it doesn't have the water reservoir tank (I like the idea of using fresh water every time rather than water that has been sitting). Perfect for home use and my needs.I did run about 8 cycles through the system before making my first cup of coffee to avoid the "burnt plastic" taste I have read about in other reviews. I ran one of the cycles with distilled white vinegar instead of water.... This will help if you get the plastic taste.Now as far as the complaints about not being able to use a reusuable filter like the "my k-cup".... I have read the only filter that will work with this system is the newest version of the SoloFill cup. It can be found here on Amazon. I ordered one and I should receive it next week. I will let you know if it does in fact work. I would love to be able to use my own coffee with this system.Bottom line- If you are looking for a smaller cheaper alternative to the larger Keurig brewers, this will be perfect for you. Keep in mind it is a single serve brewer though and only makes 8oz cups where the other brewers have multiple cup size options.****UPDATE****Still loving this Keurig brewer.Received the Solofill reusuable kcup today and it DOES work just fine with this machine. So if your looking for a reusuable cup instead of the one time use kcups, the Solofill works just fine!

  If you don't read any other reviews in full, please read mine.  There are some things to be aware of before buying the B130.I don't own this model of Keurig, but I've used it at a hotel for a few days.  I'm looking to buy a small brewer like this for my office, and came across the reviews here.  There are many good reasons not to buy the B130, most of which are just a good lesson in doing research before buying:- On Amazon, it's called the "Keurig B130 DeskPro Brewing System".  On Keurig's website it's called the "Keurig B130 In-Room Brewing System".  Strange, huh?  If you read the rest of the description from Keurig, this machine is clearly intended for use in the hospitality industry (e.g. in hotels), and not in the home.When a company sells products for commercial/industrial use and products for home use, ALWAYS do your research before opting for the commercial/industrial items.  As is the case with Keurig, companies usually have different warranties and customer service policies for each.  Hence they may not honor the commercial warranty for an individual home or office user.- Some reviews complain that the B130 brews slowly.  Yes, it does.  That's evident from the fact that Keurig's site lists it as consuming 700W of power.  (By contrast, the similarly-sized Keurig MINI Plus Brewing System for home use consumes 1425W of power).  Why is this important?  If you want to heat 8 oz. of water, it will take roughly twice as long to do it using 700W of power vs. 1425W, all other things being equal.  That's a matter of physics and not of product design.Why did they sacrifice speed for lower power consumption?  It's not to save money, because using 1400W for 2 minutes costs exactly the same as using 700W for 4 minutes.Read more ›

  I love Keurig coffee makers and I have purchased 3.  One for home, one for work and one for my son.  I used to buy the tea k-cups, but I found I could just put any kind of tea bag in the place for the cup and the tea brews just fine.

  The Keurig B130 worked for two months and then simply would not power on. I phoned Keurig's customer service line and was told that my brewer was a commercial brewer and never should not have been sold via Amazon. It made no difference that the brewer was still well within the 12 month warranty period. I told the Keurig customer service representative that the B130 was actually sold by Wholesale Kitchen Inc., doing business as Kitchenista via Amazon. When given the serial number of the B130, the customer service representative said it only tracked to a distributor in Las Vegas, Nevada, and that I would have to "handle any customer service problems with Wholesale Kitchen Inc." I am sending the brewer to Amazon returns and if necessary will handle the problem via my credit card company.If you are considering the purchase of this unit, B130 DeskPro, NO NOT purchase it via Amazon unless you are prepared to spend considerable time and frustration attempting to resolve any issues, should the brewer fail within its warranty period.Added 9:05 pm CDT, June 21, 2012: I just received the following message via Amazon's messaging system from the seller, Kitchenista:"Hi,We are sorry to hear about this but since it was shipped to you by Amazon.com you would have to deal with them directly.Unfortunately we can't do anything from our end.Take care,Kitchenista"......................................................................................................................And there you have my unsatisfactory experience with Keurig and Wholesale Kitchen Inc. dba Kitchenista.I will purchase another Keurig brewer, but locally, from a chain retailer who stands behind the products it sells. If I get another lemon, it'll go right back to the retailer...in person.

  It is very hard to choose a coffee maker that you will be happy with, and produces good tasting coffee. Here is my two cents on the Mr. Coffee DWX23 coffee maker.Easy to read blue LED clock and blue LED power indicator.Easy to set the time and program.Brews 10 cups in about 12 minutes.Water temperature going into the grounds is around 192 degrees, which is better than most coffee makers out there.Easy to read water reservoir.Decanter does not drip or dribble (at least mine did not).The warming plate is non-stick and keeps the brewed coffee hot (around 180 degrees) for 2 hours.The real only complaint I can think of is when you leave the lid closed after brewing, and you go to make another pot of coffee in the morning, once you open the lid, not all of the water will end up in the reservoir. Some will dribble down the back of the coffee maker. I have seen this design flaw in most coffee makers out there, and is usually a make or break decision with me.The best selling point I can make about this coffee maker, is the water temperature. After a year in service, the water temperature is still a constant 192 degrees. Most commercial and industrial coffee makers will push water out at 200 degrees, so this is a very close competitor as far as the flavor of the coffee being brewed. I am very picky about coffee flavor, so this coffee maker does a great job for flavor and warmth.Cleaning is a cinch. Just run 1/4 cup of white vinagar to 12 cups of cold water, followed by 3 more 12 cup brews of cold water once a month and you are in for great tasting coffee with the Mr. Coffee DWX23 coffee maker.

  UPDATED: Well I'm back in divorce court again guys. This thing just quit on me. Not even a year. I am SO disgusted! I would change my rating to 2 stars but am not sure it would show up. This is a "it was fun while it lasted" coffee maker that works while it works. Lower your expectations and it will do the job for you until it stops.Overall I've had this coffee maker for 9 months now so I feel I can give an accurate review of strengths and weaknessess. I will note I expect a coffee maker nowadays (based on many years of experience) to last from 1-3 years. Unfortunately beyond that seems impossible in this era of consumer electronics.Strengths:- Brews a very nice cup of coffee - not too strong/not too light- easily programmable- Auto shut off does work- easy to clean the coffee maker and easy to pour water into it- no messy water filters to deal with like my last one had which were a nightmare!Weaknessess:- the buttons on the right shift over time and make it hard to shut off (YMMV)- Pause and serve takes a moment to kick in leaving you ALWAYS needing to clean the hotplate- swivel water thing is a pain to remember to move after you'd added coffeeOverall I give this 3 stars which means It's O.K. I don't love it but I don't hate it. The price is decent for what you get and the programmable part does work well. The design is also solid without leaking and or water dribble from pouring the water in. If you are looking for an inexpensive (note I did not say CHEAP as that's a whole 'nother category in and of itself) coffee maker this will do the trick without any pizzaz. It would have gotten 4 stars except for the pause and serve function and the button issue.

  I am on my second version of this coffeemaker.  The old one needed to be replaced after many years of service - not because of a malfunction, but because the warming surface became very corroded.  This was my problem, not the coffeemaker.This machine has very few functions other than brewing really good coffee and that is perfect for me.  I like gadgets, and think it would be cool to have a machine that would do more, but in the end, I really just want to fill the water, put in a filter, dump in some coffee grounds, push a button and get great coffee.This machine does exactly that.

  This coffee maker is great because it has two features I really need.  Programmable and turns off after 2 hours.  I am tired of my coffee maker burning because we forget it on and it stays on for over 10 hours.  Now I can rest assured it will turn off after a little while.I had a Mr. Coffee for my everyday coffee and it worked great until it got burned on all day too many times.I bought the same model (except for the previously mentioned features) and it is inexpensive and works as well.  I have tried it already and no problems yet.  I have an expensive cappuccino maker but that is not for every day.This Mr. Coffee is what I need.  It is simple to set and use, you can get your coffee ready the night before, and wake-up to freshly brewed coffee.  Turns off after 2 hours so you have time to drink fresh coffee before workI think it is a great value!!!

  After reading the only other review which was negative, I was worried about the coffee maker I'd just bought. However, it has worked perfectly every day for the last 3 weeks. It is remarkably inexpensive for a programmable maker. It smells so good to walk in the kitchen and hear the coffee finishing up each morning.  I've never had a coffee make that did not require a little care to be sure the filter was not crooked but this one is actually easier than my last one which I gave my daughter.

  I've been a long time user of personal brewers - two pod/cup type machines one well known, one lesser known.  My problem with them both is that using your own coffee (I have my non pod favorite!) produces a mess and/or very weak coffee.  They simply don't hold the right coffee/water ratio to produce what I would consider an excellent cup of coffee.I recently spied this machine and immediately liked that it was non proprietary, read the former reviews, looked at the price tag and was skeptical - how good could it be for under $60 when its rival starts at $100? I finally brought one home and I'm sold!  Using the "bold" setting it made even a decaf coffee nice and strong and it reminded me of the results that I get with my French Press - full bodied, rich & flavorful.I like that the basket for the coffee is nice and deep and easy to fill.  The water resevoir is easily filled.  It holds an ample 14 oz. of water - you get out what you put in so playing with the measurement and grind of your favorite coffee takes some perfecting.  The brewer starts immediately, the light goes out signaling it is finished brewing.  It is a tad faster than the mini version of the more popular single cupper.  The coffee comes out hot.  I haven't seen any issues with leaking, spraying, etc.  Hamilton Beach was also thinking when the made the drip tray so that it flips over and fills the space to a smaller cup size.I'd add some cons but really there isn't anything that I dislike about this machine.

  I just purchased this yesterday, so I can't vouch for its longevity, but we have made several quick cups of coffee and tea using this and it works great.Let me say that I am a caffeine addict. I prefer my coffee bold, am picky about my freshly roasted beans and prefer the taste of french press-made coffee. However, I am also not a morning person, and having to make a large cup of coffe in the morning while trying to get busy kids and a busy mom ready for school/work is quite a chore. Also, being the only coffee drinker in the house (my husband and oldest son like tea), my only option after drinking the first cup was to dump out the rest or refridgerate it and microwave it later - neither were options I was thrilled about.I didn't want to pay the price of one of the larger Keurigs; nor did I have the counter space for that. We have a large Keurig at my office and, while I certainly appreciate being able to brew a fresh cup of coffee whenever I want, it's a noisy machine, it has to be constantly plugged in to maintain its heating elements, and the coffee pods leave something to be desired.I checked out the smaller, less-expensive Keurigs in the stores, but they felt very flimsy and I had read reviews about them breaking down frequently.My HB One-Scoop feels sturdy, doesn't take up much counter space, was reasonably priced and, best of all, makes a great cup of coffee. It took a few tries for me to determine how fine to grind my beans and how much of it to use, but after that, it's been a breeze: You take your cup, fill it with water and pour that into the reservoir on top.Read more ›

  Single-serve coffee makers:  you name it, I've owned it.  Keurig, Tassimo, and Dolce Gusto:  all of them are fun at first, but once the novelty wears off they're nothing but proprietary machines serving up very spendy (and small) cups of coffee and contributing constantly to land fills.  :(I bought a "My K-Cup" for my Keurig, one way to cut down on the expense (and the garbage) but it gets to be kind of a pain to rinse and fill and cap that little thing each time.  With Tassimo and Dolce Gusto, you're really stuck.  There's no way to make your own T-Discs or Dolce-Gusto capsules.I had a nice espresso machine, and purchased ESE pods, which took care of a lot of the mess that espresso machines tend to create.  But once again, those really add up, and if all you want is just a good cuppa joe, then you also need a kettle (or electric kettle) to boil hot water to make an Americano.Used a French press for quite a while, too...I still wasted coffee, though.  And warmed up second cups in the microwave.And then--VOILA!  I found this machine!  I had never heard of it until I stumbled upon it at our local Fred Meyer.  It was on sale and I impulse-bought it on the spot.This thing is just great.  It's really simple, so I wonder why no one ever thought of it before?  There's no noisy pump contraption (to break down later); it's really just a regular old automatic drip coffee maker, but on a small scale, brewing one cup (8-14oz) at a time.  Having the part that holds the grinds also be the scoop to scoop up the coffee is just brilliant.  The little hook on the side to hang up an extra scoop:  genius.  One cup at a time.Read more ›

  
    
      
        
















                   






    
    



amznJQ.onReady('Airy', function() {
  Airy.embed({"installFlashButtonText":"Install Flash Player","contentTitle":null,"autoplayCutOffTimeSeconds":null,"ageGate":{"monthNames":["January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"deniedPrompt":"We're sorry. You are not old enough to watch this video.","submitText":"Submit","prompt":"This video is not intended for all audiences. What date were you born?"},"videoAds":null,"videoUnsupportedPrompt":"Sorry, this video is unsupported on this browser.","desiredMode":"hybrid","swfUrl":"http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/vap/video/airy2/prod/2.0.902.0/flash/AiryBasicRenderer._V320612526_.swf","isAutoplayEnabled":null,"installFlashPrompt":"Adobe Flash Player is required to watch this video.","isLiveStream":null,"regionCode":"NA","contentId":null,"playbackErrorPrompt":"Sorry, an error has occurred while attempting video playback. Please try again later.","contentMinAge":null,"isForesterTrackingDisabled":null,"streamingUrls":["http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/D1wgl6pys6S.LV._.mp4"],"parentId":"airy-player-container-mo173PV5WG9INVE","slateImages":{"http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91E0%2BvBiKYS.S._.png":null},"foresterMetadataParams":{"client":"CustomerReviews","requestId":"0HRGFAMP9HSQVTEHXTXC","marketplaceId":"ATVPDKIKX0DER","session":"185-4868823-2215919"}});
});



          
            Length:
          
          
            4:09
            Mins
          
      
      
        
      
    
  

  This French coffee press makes a wonderful cup of coffee.  The double stainless steel screen system makes sure that your coffee has no coffee grounds in it and all you get is the rich and robust flavor of perfectly brewed coffee.  The carafe is nicely designed and beautiful and it is made of heat resistant glass.  The unit comes with an extra set of stainless steel screens as a bonus for a limited time.My video shows how we made the coffee so please take the time to watch it.  We made some coffee for our friends and they loved it so much that they asked us to bring it over and have dinner with them and I got to make the coffee again.  They raved about how good the coffee tasted and how it reminded everyone of the coffee that they had while on vacation in Europe. This coffee press makes a nice conversation piece to use when you are entertaining your guests for dinner.This SterlingPro coffee press makes a great gift for the coffee lover who is a friend or a family member.  It makes smooth, rich and robust tasting coffee without the bitterness of other brewing technics.  Just make sure that you use very hot but not boiling water and you will get the best results.  I rated this as a 5 star product.I received a sample product for evaluation and I promised to provide a fair and honest review.

  This french press is made with top quality materials and its extremely durable so far. I have used it for over a month now daily. I love that I can make a "Real" cup of coffee at work. It has held up so far extremely nicely. It is really easy to clean, makes an amazing cup of coffee, and it really is built well. I would highly recommend this product to anyone in search of a french press. This is the best one I have owned hands down!

  
    
      
        
















                   









amznJQ.onReady('Airy', function() {
  Airy.embed({"installFlashButtonText":"Install Flash Player","contentTitle":null,"autoplayCutOffTimeSeconds":null,"ageGate":{"monthNames":["January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"deniedPrompt":"We're sorry. You are not old enough to watch this video.","submitText":"Submit","prompt":"This video is not intended for all audiences. What date were you born?"},"videoAds":null,"videoUnsupportedPrompt":"Sorry, this video is unsupported on this browser.","desiredMode":"hybrid","swfUrl":"http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/vap/video/airy2/prod/2.0.902.0/flash/AiryBasicRenderer._V320612526_.swf","isAutoplayEnabled":null,"installFlashPrompt":"Adobe Flash Player is required to watch this video.","isLiveStream":null,"regionCode":"NA","contentId":null,"playbackErrorPrompt":"Sorry, an error has occurred while attempting video playback. Please try again later.","contentMinAge":null,"isForesterTrackingDisabled":null,"streamingUrls":["http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/B1aG4ut1oiS.LV._.mp4"],"parentId":"airy-player-container-mo3KAJQ7BQZBIOK","slateImages":{"http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81V0ZltNQJS.S._.png":null},"foresterMetadataParams":{"client":"CustomerReviews","requestId":"0HRGFAMP9HSQVTEHXTXC","marketplaceId":"ATVPDKIKX0DER","session":"185-4868823-2215919"}});
});



          
            Length:
          
          
            1:13
            Mins
          
      
      
        
      
    
  

  I don't want this review to be a long winded rehash of information provided in the product listing and will limit it and the video to additional points worth mentioning.What makes this press stand out are: - Price, one of the least expensive "metal" presses. - Appearance, chrome looks nice.  Also, the carafe slides out so there's no need to run the metalic "cage" through the dishwasher.  - The tight seal between the filter wall and the carafe.  This, by itself, makes for better brewing.You're in luck if you ever need to replace the glass beaker.  Turns out is the same size and near as I can tell weight/thickness as every other 8-cup coffee press I've seen.  Commonly available replacements, such as the Primula Universal French Press Replacement 8-Cup Glass Beaker, or any of the other more expensive options available on Amazon, should work just fine.A few tips... - How to make an even better cup of coffee with this or any other press.  I've shown that at the end of my video. - Easier clean up, particularly effective with this unit.  First you rinse out the carafe and rinse off the plunger.  Then put the plunger back in the carafe almost all the way, leaving the cap off slightly so you can fill the carafe with warm water.  Pull the plunger out, through the water.  That will dislodge coffee grounds still in the filter back into the carafe.  Pour out the water with the remaining grounds.  This saves having to disassemble the filter after each use.  Granted, cleaning the filter is an easy thing, made even easier by not having to do it.Read more ›

  This was a replacement for a Bodum french press.  I've had several Bodum's and all of them let a lot of grounds through the screen.  Their screen's just aren't tall enough, the screen really needs to be taller than the spring around the plunger.  This SterlingPro 8 cup french press really works as well as they state it does.  The double screen is wonderful and no grounds get through the screens.  They also send 2 replacement screens though I don't foresee needing these any time soon.I've been searching for a god quality french press for a reasonable price for over a year now.  This one is fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone that loves a good cup of french press coffee.

  I started with another brand of French press but the grounds were always getting into my final cup of coffee.The SterlingPro 8 Cup French coffee press has a double stainless steel screen that solved the grounds problem. The quality of their product is excellent and now my coffiee is as well.I would give this product 5 Stars!

  Love this French press .It's durable glass and clean look is very professional in my test kitchen. The best way to drink organic voffee

  I never had "french press coffee" and I happen to be the type of person that lives like this..."IF I can't have what I want, I will just wait until I can have it."  Somewhat of a tough way to live but it has always been my motto.  My BF told me about "french press" coffee and after a great deal of research, I found this SterlingPro 8 cup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  WOW - by far the most amazing cup of coffee in my entire life (pushing 1/2 century)!  Never one single grind in my coffee cup =)  Thank YOU SterlingPro for such a great first experience!

  First of all, the reason we bought this is because, in general, percolators make great tasting coffee.  They can turn even the worst quality beans into a good cup of coffee.  Initially, the Presto lived up to our expectations.  And after doing the following, it is once again making great cups of coffee.Tip #1 - Grind your coffee using the appropriate setting.After some usage, we would at times get a mouthful of grinds.  We realized it was important to use the percolator setting on the coffee grinder at the supermarket.  Since then, an occasional coffee grind finds its way into our cup.Tip #2 - Clean the filter basket with a brush.Despite cleaning the pot before each usage, the coffee was gradually getting weaker each day. We then realized that the holes in the bottom of the filter basket were clogged.  We could not unclog them using a sponge so I started poking each one individually with a toothpick before deciding there was no way we would have the time or patience to do it every day.  So, we tried a brush with plastic bristles and, within seconds, the basket was completely unclogged.  So, we bought a small brush with a long handle and use it to clean the filter basket and the bottom of the pot.

  I thought my Hamilton Beach percolator was decent for the price, I even wrote a review about it in December, 2006.  One week later, this 1-year old coffee maker was barely keeping the coffee hot.  Then I visited my son in Alaska at Christmas and noticed that his 6-yr old Presto percolator was still delivering great, hot coffee in record time.  I returned home, ordered my Presto 12-cup percolator and am highly impressed.  It's lighter, easier to load, easier to pour, easier to clean, perks ultra-fast and makes a great, hot cup of coffee.  Because of its lighter stainless steel pot, it cools down faster if you want to make a second batch of coffee right away.  (We make two pots and pour the first batch into a thermos for back-up when company comes)  Based on its performance, I'm surprised the price is so reasonable.

  I am a coffee drinker, and have been for decades. I have tried most systems out there-French Press, Filters of all kinds, stovetop espresso pots, etc. Of all of those, French Press makes pretty good coffee. But this Presto percolator extracts more flavor than any of them to my taste.Here are some clues. The kitchen fills with the smell of coffee brewing. It's nice, and I haven't smelled that wonderful, welcoming smell in a long time. The coffee comes out rich and thick. For those of you that use cream or milk, you will still have a decent coffee flavor after the addition.The pot itself is a fairly simple device. I am sure there is a micro-processor thermostat under the black base, but still a simple device. All parts are Stainless Steel. The pot, the basket holder, the basket and the basket top. No plastic touches the coffee. Parts, should they become damaged for any reason are easily available from the Presto site. But with reasonable treatment these are sturdy, workable pieces of coffee brewing goodness.The brew cycle is regulated by the amount of water in the pot. I have tried making four cup, six cup, eight cup, and ten cup batches. Following the directions that come with the pot or that area available on the Presto site will yield weaker or stronger brews according to your taste. One just has to experiment a bit to get a feel for it.The brew cycle ends with a flourish of percing. Then the light on the front goes off. Here's what they don't tell you. Wait another minute or so till the last batch of water filters through the basket, then open the top take out the basket top and then the basket and brewpipe. Pop the top back on. The coffee will stay hot for as long as you leave the pot plugged in. And at a good hot temp, too.Read more ›

  I have used this percolator every day for 9 years.  It gives me great coffee every morning!

  I've used every type of coffee maker around.  I look for all stainless- that means NO plastic or aluminum contacting the water----this has been a great product for me--I love perked coffee.  When I'm not using this I use a Cona glass vacuum maker---  I'm a purist about materials and coffee making.  Presto has been the most reliable of all my electric percs. It's all stainless.

  This makes great tasting coffee. I used Auto drip for years, but nothing beats the taste of a perc.  Bought this on another site.I put the water in, then I use a standard auto drip filter, push the filter down kinda center, til it pokes a hole in the filter, then form around, then add your coffee,keeping a finger over the tube hole, to not let coffee down the  tube. or use one of the flat disk filters. When its perked, you also can carefully remove the basket and tube, and put top back on, then when you pour the coffee, you should have no coffee grounds at all. Using a filter media is a must to keep from having the small holes clog up in the metal basket, and if it does, it takes forever to unclog each hole with a needle or pin or toothpick. So use the filter trick. I set this up and plug it in, and then take my shower every morning, and when i get out its ready to drink. Less than 10-12 mins for a perc is fantastic, and well worth it. Wish they made autotimers for percs, but you could set this up, and use a on off plug timer to have this auto kick on, and perc, and shut off at certain times. I only drink columbian coffee and I cant tell you the difference it makes when made in a perc and not a auto drip.Had this product for over a year and use it every day. Still percs great hot coffee. Would buy again. If you want clean the inside, use a cascade dishwasher packet,  put it in the basket without a filter, and run it with the full 12 cups like your making coffee, then after it sets a few mins. unplug it, rinse it well. And the coffee stains residue is gone.

  I'm really happy with this coffee maker, having chosen it over the Technivorm Moccamaster Coffee Brewer With Thermo Carafe - Technivorm 9587.  It brews extremely quickly (about 7 minutes), and I measured the temperature of the water coming from the spout at about the 195F-200F range, so it's in the right range for extracting optimum flavor -- the brew from this machine is just at the point of being tip-of-the-tongue scalding. The water is dispensed at a number of different points into the filter, and looking at the grounds afterwards you can tell that the dispersion pattern works well, as the coffee grounds remain clumped at the bottom of the filter, rather than being thinly spread across the entire filter.Note that this is a minimalistic coffee maker. It is fairly compact, has an unassuming appearance, and there are no glowing dials, no HUDs, no clocks.  There's one control: the on/off switch. It has no timer. It doesn't have a brew stopper, so you have to let the coffee maker finish before you can pour yourself a cup (since the coffee maker brews so quickly, this isn't too big of a deal). You cannot navigate your kitchen at night by the light from this coffeemaker, nor can you signal passing UFOs.Nonetheless, it makes great coffee.

  
    
      
        
















                   






    
    



amznJQ.onReady('Airy', function() {
  Airy.embed({"installFlashButtonText":"Install Flash Player","contentTitle":null,"autoplayCutOffTimeSeconds":null,"ageGate":{"monthNames":["January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"deniedPrompt":"We're sorry. You are not old enough to watch this video.","submitText":"Submit","prompt":"This video is not intended for all audiences. What date were you born?"},"videoAds":null,"videoUnsupportedPrompt":"Sorry, this video is unsupported on this browser.","desiredMode":"hybrid","swfUrl":"http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/vap/video/airy2/prod/2.0.902.0/flash/AiryBasicRenderer._V320612526_.swf","isAutoplayEnabled":null,"installFlashPrompt":"Adobe Flash Player is required to watch this video.","isLiveStream":null,"regionCode":"NA","contentId":null,"playbackErrorPrompt":"Sorry, an error has occurred while attempting video playback. Please try again later.","contentMinAge":null,"isForesterTrackingDisabled":null,"streamingUrls":["http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/C1%2BVBT0czYS.LV._.mp4"],"parentId":"airy-player-container-mo1X0G8WTWXK61A","slateImages":{"http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91c6f-hiCNS.S._.png":null},"foresterMetadataParams":{"client":"CustomerReviews","requestId":"1WKF0K11HX3SPMM6JPA2","marketplaceId":"ATVPDKIKX0DER","session":"185-4868823-2215919"}});
});



          
            Length:
          
          
            2:44
            Mins
          
      
      
        
      
    
  

  VIDEO REVIEW:The video captures brewing the first pot of coffee with the Bonavita and (briefly) how to fold a filter. It demonstrates pouring.WRITTEN REVIEW:Today I received my Bonavita Thermal Coffee Maker and made my first brew with it.First impressions: This is one fast and impressive little machine. No wonder it garnered the Specialty Coffee Association of America's coveted Certified Brewer Equipment award: one of only four machines to do so as of this writing. This machine makes very hot coffee indeed: I measured the coffee in the preheated thermal carafe right after brewing at 188° F. With a non-preheated carafe the coffee was 183.2° F right after brewing completed.Temperatures during brewing were at 195° F at 58 seconds into brewing and reached as high as 205.8° F briefly at the 4:04 minute mark and at 203.3° F  at the end of the brewing cycle (see photos). Brewing time was 5 minutes 48 seconds, so just under six minutes.A photo is attached of what you receive with this brewer, and the list, like the brewer, is very basic.WHAT'S IN THE BOX:* Bonavita BV1800 8-Cup Coffee Maker* Bonavita Thermal Carafe* Carafe Lid* Filter Basket* Bonavita "Brewing Perfect Coffee Everytime" Manual* Small paper insert on how to clean the showerhead (the lid and showerhead are removable and can be cleaned in the dishwasher)* "Bonavita Exceptional Brew" Manual* Pink sheet of instructions for care of the thermal carafe, also known as the "Melitta insulation jug."* Starter pack (4) of Melitta Super Premium Flavor Enhancing #4 Coffee Filters in Natural BrownWHAT YOU WILL NEED:* Extra filters.Read more ›

  At the time I'm writing this review there were no reviews of this coffee maker and I almost overlooked it and ordered a different one. I would normally wait longer to post a review but this review may bring others attention to this machine. I have only used mine twice but I know from those two times this machine extracts more from the grinds than my Starbucks Barrista did because I can feel the effects of the caffeine after 3 cups (about 3/4 of the carafe) whereas I didn't feel it at all from the Starbucks unit (also 8 cup capacity) after a whole pot. I don't notice that the coffee is any hotter than it was from the Starbucks unit but it is piping hot. My Starbucks unit was 8 years old and had started to leak water on the counter during the brewing process and shut itself off before the reservoir was empty requiring multiple restarts. I am not trying to compare the Bonavita to the Starbucks because I did not descale the Starbucks unit anywhere near as frequently as I should have which may well have lead to the leaking problems. The Starbucks unit did brew a very good pot of coffee.This machine is one of only four coffee makers certified by the Specialty Coffee Assoc. of America for home use. The certification is based on the machine's ability to heat the water to 195-205 degrees which is the ideal temperature to extract maximum flavor from the grinds. Bonavita claims on their packaging this is the only coffee maker sold with a 1400 watt heating element.Read more ›

  Making good coffee is actually quite simple:1. Buy freshly roasted beans.2. Grind the beans immediately before brewing.3. Brew with 195 to 205 degree water.The brewer can only help you with #3, and although there are various manual methods you can use, there are only two drip machines that are rated to consistently deliver the water at the right temperature: the Technivorm Moccamaster Coffee Brewer with Thermo Carafe and the Bonavita. I've been using the Bonavita for a month now, and I'm a very happy camper.PROS* The Bonavita heats the water quickly and brews at the temperature they claim. I measured the temp myself and it was right at 200 degrees.* It makes a full pot (40 ounces) in 5-1/2 to 6 minutes. That's how long it takes to extract all the flavor from the grinds, so you don't want a brewer that works any faster. Of course, the coarseness of your grind affects the time. Too coarse and the water flows through too fast; too fine, and it bogs down and over extracts.* It brews smaller amounts well, too. Just for myself, I make 3 cups (15 ounces) at a time. It takes two or three minutes and tastes just as good as a full pot.* The showerhead design distributes the water evenly so all the grinds get to participate.* The design is simple and attractive with a small footprint.* I'm delighted with the lack of useless bells and whistles. The Bonavita's only "feature" is that it shuts off automatically. I'm a believer in unplugging small appliances when they aren't in use (let me tell you about my toaster oven experience sometime...Read more ›

  Let me firs say, I used to work for Starbucks and was a Coffee Master.  I am a bit of purist so I grade a machine a bit harder than the average joe.What I love:Cuisinart is one of the few companies that makes a coffee maker that brews at 190 degrees.  (This is important because the flavor from your beans doesn't fully extract if the water isn't hot enough.  This is usually one of the differences between a cheap coffee maker and a more expensive one.  Cheap makers will heat the coffee hot with the hot plate, but it did not "brew" the coffee at the temperature it eventually gets to.)It doesn't leak and the light when you fill a mug is a nice feature.  All the parts come out for easy filling, rinsing, etc.  YOu won't be able to put this under a cabinet though because the top still has a lid that would be blocked.No leaks if the inside over flows or spills either!  Any internal overflow drains into the drip tray which is a very nice feature.The spray head is one of the best I've seen.  It fully covers all the coffee grounds.  It also brews a whole pot in about 7 minutes without flavor loss.  (Machines that brew too fast usually don't get all the flavor out of coffee.  Bunn for instance, brews a pot in just 3 minutes and at the right temperature, but the water is forced through too fast and doesn't have enough contact time with the coffee.  Coffee is a bit like tea in that it does need to steep a bit, just not nearly as long unless using a French Press, the best method of brewing but the most inconvenient.)It comes with a permanent flat filter, which saves you from buying one or paper ones.  However, and this is a picky issue, cone shaped is much better.  The coffee and water contant better with cone and make a better cup.Read more ›

  Only had Cuisinart's DCC-3000 for 4 days so really need more time for an evaluation.  I've owned a few Hamilton Beach Brewstation carafeless models recently and I really like them.  The Hamilton Beach units make great coffee but always develop leaking issues sooner or later. If you get to 2 years without a leaking issue you should feel fortunate.First, the DCC-3000 by Cuisinart is an entirely different level of machine.  It's very sturdy, well made and my unit purchased does not look like the picture in Amazon's advertisement.  It looks better.  The power cord is VERY short, maybe 14-16".  Unless you use an extension cord you must locate it directly in front of a power outlet or in an area where it is not beneath an overhead kitchen cabinet.  If under a cabinet, the cord just barely allows room to pull out from cabinet, lift the lid on top, and remove the coffee tank for cleaning, without unplugging the unit.The coffee dispenser turns on a soft LED light above you coffee cup and smartly allows you to view the rising coffee level in the cup.....very nice feature.  After 4 days of making my AM coffee, I'm now using the right amount of coffee and water to suit my tastes (strong).  I prefer my coffee very hot and most coffee makers don't quite get hot enough for me.  The Ham Beach Brewstations excel at hot coffee.  The DCC-3000 falls short, almost gets there but I must nuke/microwave each cup for 30-35 seconds to bring to temp.  This machine is quiet, brews relatively quickly, but I think a bit slower than a Brewstation.Bottomline, so far I think this is a great unit, much more substantial, and higher quality than the H/B Brewstation.Read more ›

  First of all I am not going to state that I am a "Coffee Master".I will however say that I have strong preferences when it comes to my morning coffee. It always kills me when people try and talk about being professional Baristas and how they are like Chef's that work with a very specific product. Give me a break! I take offense to this simply because I am a Chef and there is A LOT more to being a Chef than there is to brewing a pot of coffee.This is a HOME coffee maker, period, point blank! If you truly consider yourself passionate about coffee and making the "Perfect Cup" than I would think a person would want to invest a bit more into his/ her "craft" than a $100 machine that does everything for you! If you truly are that serious about coffee than why even buy an Automatic Home Brewer?Now that I have had my Rant, onto the Cuisinart DCC-3000:PROS:1) It has no carafe!  - This was by far and away the best selling point for me, the biggest reason why I have had to replace my coffee makers over the years is because the glass carafe's always chipped or just plain shattered. I also dislike the thermal carafe's because you cannot visually see how much coffee is left and I despise the taste of stainless steel. I can always taste metal in my coffee so the thermal carafe's don't work for me.2) Automatic ON  - I can set it up the night before and wake up to my coffee already made, enough said.3) Automatic Shut Off  - You can set it to turn itself off anywhere from 1 minute up to 4 hours.4) Easy to clean  - You can take both reservoir's out and wash them in the dishwasher.Read more ›

  I have had several of this type and thought it was time for a new one.  Did not really need timer/clock and other complications and things to fail.  Price is right, if you do not like the permanent filters buy the even cheaper one here.  I have usually not cared for the permanent filters and this one does leave a little (very little) fine stuff in cup. I think the rinse and put back in is better than fighting to get just one filter out of a stack.  My old 4 cup Mr C could use standard size filters (3 1/2 " 8-12 cup), think this one will also. It is very easy to dump a disposable filter out without dripping all the way to the trash can.The top is a little hard to open but needs to be because it must hold down the pause and serve valve.  It is fine after you get used to it.  I ran three runs of water through before I made coffee and I feel that it makes great coffee. I timed it today and it was about 6 minutes from turn on to finished.It could use a little better non-skid treatment on bottom.  I find the pouring into reservoir and to cup about the best I have used in a long while.  While the opening is a little small it is not that hard to wash the caraffe.I almost bought a Keurig but jsut did not see paying .50 for a cup or messing with the other individual fill options.  Not to mention the rather dear price up front.One last comment, the listing says White but shows Black, I received black which is what I really wanted anyway.

  It is very easy to spill, unless you pour VERY slowly. It also makes coffee quickly, with no trouble. It's not slower or faster than any other similar coffee maker.  But the first couple of pots will taste like plastic, even if you wash it, so I recommend brewing using vinegar a few times and then nothing but water for a couple of times before you use it to make coffee.  They should tell you that in the instructions.  My only other real complaint is that if you use the permanent plastic filter instead of a paper one, the coffee will be very weak. Also, if you are a heavy coffee drinker, buy yourself a regular coffee maker, not this one. The cups are only 5 oz each, not 8 oz.  If you fill the pot to the rim it makes just enough coffee to fill two regular cups or travel mugs (not the jumbo kind). Perfect for one or two people who only need a single cup.

  I've bought many coffee pots through out the years and this one is  by far the best. Easy to use and clean. Does not continue to drip coffee after being turned off. The heating plate is great, stays in pristine condition after months of use. I purposely waited to review it because I thought it would not hold up for this long, it's been almost four months and still in perfect shape. One of my best buys yet!

  This coffee maker is working real well so far.  The 4 cups is the equivalent of 2 mugs worth of coffee...usually what I drink in the mornings.  Brews pretty fast and the screen works just fine in place of the paper filters.  I also use it to brew tea...just put the tea bag in the basket.  Takes up much less space than the big boys.Only CON is the time it takes to get the plastic smell and taste out of the final product....I'd guess at least 4-5 brew cycles needed.

  With everything goinng so electronic with lots of buttons these days, give me something simple to operate and that's why I got this coffee maker from Amazon, simple, just an on and off switch, and great price.  And I never thought I would like a basket to hold the grounds and not use paper, but I'm glad I have this because it makes disposal so much easier. I don't want to press any more buttons or keys on anything unless I absolutely have to or WANT to.  One more uncomplicated item in my home.  You will love this little pot.

  I am the girl who has everything.  Except for one thing.  I never had a coffee maker.  Can you believe it?  Neither could I.  Time to correct that.  I saw this little cutie on Amazon and decided to try it out. The unboxing went fairly drama free (it took me a minute to get the tape off the top).  I was happily surprised at how tiny it is, and the test run was fun. I was almost a little nervous (am I putting in the right amount of coffee...ooooh did I go a little bit over the line for the water?...You know...those things.) Put it like this...this machine is moron proof.  It is so simple to operate that a five year old can do it.  That's why I picked this machine. Not that I am a moron by any means, but really, in the morning do I really want to fuss with anything?  And do I really know the night before that I will want a cup of coffee the next morning? Can I just have a machine that will brew me up a cup of Joe when I want it? No programming, no setting...just one button to push. So anyway...about 5 minutes later I was enjoying the best cup of coffee I've had in a very long time.  Thank you so much, Mr. Coffee.  I love it when something works even better than you thought it would. So I give this machine a big thumbs up and the cuteness of it with it's little baby carafe is killing me.

  I use this often.  It does the job really well.  You don't really get 4 cups of coffee but I guess that makes sense given the steam and the water that remains inside and in the grounds.  I consistently get coffee at the 3 1/2 cup mark.  I've had it about 3 months and it's held up really well, gold filter and all.

  Some people have bought this coffee maker and are experiencing mishaps.  I think some (not all) of them are just not reading and/or following the instructions correctly. That being said, here is my review:For the price, this is a great coffee maker.  It is probably the most versatile coffee maker by design.  There are some downfalls but we'll get to those.  I am a college student, so money (or lack thereof) is a big concern of mine.  I wanted to get a coffee maker that could brew K-Cups because of the convenience and easy clean up.  But I also wanted a coffee maker that could brew regular coffee, because it is cheaper.  So now, depending on my finances, I can select which coffee works best for me.  I also wanted to get a coffee maker that wouldn't cost $100 or more.I hate when reviewers complain about things that are made very clear in the product description, if they didn't like that feature about it, they shouldn't have bought it. That would be like me complaining that it is black.Here are the pros and cons:Pros:-Brews 3 kinds of coffee.  K-Cups, Grounds, and soft pods.-Easy to clean and use.-Holds short and tall mugs.-Has REAL stainless steel on the front and sides.-It's CHEAP.-It has a small footprint (great for dorms).Cons:-Only holds 10oz. of water in the reservoir, so each time you have to fill it. (However, this is clearly noted in the product description, so it's no surprise.  For the money, this isn't a big issue).-Near the end of the brew cycle, if using a K-Cup, it makes a moderate amount of noise and hissing, followed by steam coming out.-When using ground coffee, always use the removable basket, regardless of ground size, otherwise grounds will come out.Read more ›

  I am very fussy about my coffee maker.  If the appliance is too expensive, too bulky, too complicated, too messy to clean up, etc., it doesn't stand a chance in my three cup a day kitchen.  We got this little beauty day before Thanksgiving, just in time for the holiday dessert table.  I  can't say enough about it!  There are three ways to make your favorite coffee:  1.  regular ground coffee goes into the basket (no filter needed) or 2.  you can use a coffee pod or finally, for those who like variety, 3. K-Cups are easily inserted into the removeable slide-in tray.  To allow for two sizes of coffee cups, the lower portion of the unit lets you place either a large travel mug on top, or flip it over for a higher ledge to place a smaller mug.  Water in the back, press the button, and within minutes you're drinking a hot cup of joe!  Realizing it's only a single cup machine, we don't expect to use this when we have more than a small handful of guests.  But for the daily cups there is nothing better.  We love how quickly you clean up, a simple rinse of the grinds from the basket and you're set for the next cup.  Instructions say to run a solution of 1/2 cup white vinegar and 1/2 cup water through the unit every month or so to clean it out.  This makes more sense than the more costly machines that require descaling and fancy solutions in order to keep the coffee tasting great.  It's a tall and thin machine, so you easily slide it beside other kitchen appliances without taking up much counter space.  Black and stainless steel finish go with everything.  I have other Hamilton Beach kitchen apppliances and honestly have not been disappointed yet.  This coffee maker is a keeper!

  I never considered buying a Keurig Coffee Brewer due to the high cost for the maker, the cost per cup of coffee, and the mixed reviews on flavor. When I received my " ", I wasn't expecting too much, but was pleasantly surprised and impressed. I went out and found my favorite "Eight O'Clock" brand coffee available in K-Cups and on sale at my local supermarket. Setting up and using the Hamilton Beach FlexBrew was simple and fast. My first cup of K-Cup coffee came out perfect. I was impressed. Despite maxing out the water capacity at around 10-12oz, the coffee was not weak or odd tasting. It was a perfect cup of coffee. Next, I tried brewing a regular cup of coffee using standard coffee grounds. The results were good, but not as good as my old $14 Black and Decker 1 cup "Brew N Go" coffee maker. The coffee was good, but tasted a little "off". I tried a couple of other cups adjusting the amount of coffee, but the results were the same. It was by no means bad, but I just like the taste of my old maker, and the K-Cup coffee better. Brew time was fast. It takes a little longer to start brewing, but once it starts, it flows faster than my old machine. Total time is about the same. About 3-4 minutes. One thing that is much better than my old machine is that the FlexBrew's coffee is hotter. All in all, the Hamilton Beach FlexBrew Single-Serve Coffeemaker is an impressive machine, at a very good price. As long as you're not looking to make a large cup of coffee, I recommend it.Pros:Very good tasting coffee.Less than 1/2 the price of an average Keurig machine.Compatible with coffee grounds, K-Cup packs, or soft pods.Easy to use and convenient.Well built with stainless steel and dishwasher safe removable plastic parts.Cons:K-Cup packs cost per cup.Read more ›

  I'm very happy with my purchase of my Mr. Coffee DW13 12-cup Switch Coffeemaker.  I'm surprised at the negative reviews, I haven't had ANY of the problems others have had.  I did purchase a Mr. Coffee gold-tone coffee filter to use instead of paper filters.  I'm not a big coffee drinker and my expectations were very low and simple.  I was going to go for the 4-cup since I'm the only coffee drinker in the house but I found that it's very convenient to have a bigger capacity when company is around.  It's easy to use and I've had no water leakage at all, from any part of it.  I'm not bothered by the sound of it brewing, I have yet to own a coffee maker that doesn't "gurgle" while it's heating and dispensing the water.  The coffee dispensing stops immediately when I remove the carafe and I have had no problems with the carafe being problematic to pour.  The lid on top is large...I simply pull the machine forward and out from under my cabinets when I need to open and close the top.  For me, this is not an issue to complain about.  It's a cheap and simple switch coffee maker without bells and whistles.  I find the design to be perfectly acceptable, no flaws.  It's a coffee machine and does it's job well!  I've had it a month now and used it almost daily.  Would I purchase the same one again?  YES.

  Just bought the Mr Coffee Maker DW13. A very exciting purchase. Got it to replace my 4 cup coffeemaker. I thought that by buying a smaller coffeemaker, I would drink less coffee. Didn't work out. Just ended up making coffee 3 to 4 times a day (I have a coffee drinking problem). The Mr.Coffee DW13 coffeemaker is going to teach my bladder a very serious lesson. That lesson being - I have a coffee drinking problem.The great thing that I have noticed right off the bat is, the precise pouring. With my last coffeemaker, pouring the coffee from the pot into the cup was a challenge. Definetly a task that needed to be done over a sink. With the Mr. Coffee DW13, I can now, fearlessly, pour coffee over my bare lap... while driving... off road... in a heavily wooded area... haven't actually tried it.... but if I lived near a forest... I would.Combine the pin point pouring with the large quanities of coffee and the fact that it was about seven dollars cheaper than anything I could find in a retail store - and you have a winning combination.

  Mr. Coffee coffee maker is a real good investment. I am the only person who drinks coffee in my home, so I didn't need anything fancy. I am very happy with this product. Aside from being a good coffee maker, it is also easy to clean and very energy efficient.

  I bought this for $15 at "wally world" It makes coffee my old sunbeam lasted about 2 years using it about 5 times a day. So this is a cost to own of $7.50 per year. I like simple appliance and am unwilling to spend $100 for a coffee maker. Use a glass tray or cookie tray underneath the coffee maker and dont worry about the drips. I am not sure what people expect in an appliance that costs the price of 2 cans of coffee but for me its fine....

  I brew tea for my office during the cold months.  This very basic and inexpensive machine actually works best for my purpose.  Without the auto shut-off feature, my tea pot stays hot all day.  I would not trade this for another machine costing 5 times more.

  Our coffee pot at the office died and we quickly found this item. It was received in two days and now perks every morning. Great price, great shipping (free) with one other needed item.

  Thought I would warn anyone considering this model. I had one for about 4-5 months before it starting "leaking" from somewhere and leaving a puddle of water under the machine. I eventually replaced it with two more of the exact same model and each time the machine caused a puddle right out of the box. It DID make a decent tasting cup of coffee if you used the proper ratio of coffee to water. However, there is obviously this troublesome defect inherent in the product.P.S. I recommend the similar looking Sunbeam model BVSB-TGX20(23) which for less money gives you a programmable timer/brewer and auto shut-off. Plus it actually works properly!

  I don't know what all the negative reviews are about - this is a $20 coffee machine and works very well.  It makes good tasting coffee.  Who needs the cheat feature?  Wait until the entire pot is made, then pour yourself a cup! Who's in that much of a rush that you can't wait?  Learn how to pour slowly and it won't drip.  I've had this coffee maker for several months and it's simple and reliable.  If you're looking for fancy bells and whistles, then this isn't for you, but if you're looking for simple, inexpensive, and consistently good, then this coffee maker is the one.

  Ok so i read all the negative and positive reviews trying to figure out what was the deal with this coffee maker. Here is the thing i have found, people who really hate this coffee maker just don't understand what it is or how to use it right. This is a fine buy, perhaps the only buy if you want a Thermal Coffee maker that really works.ok so first we need to understand this is a THERMAL coffee maker. Why does that matter?1) You won't burn down you house because you forgot to turn it off.2) you will never have burnt thick muddy coffee.3) it saves a ton of money on energy.4) you can take your coffee pot with you to your table, desk, or backyard, and it will stay hot right beside you just as if it was still being heated.It is key to understand that the whole point of this coffee maker is that it is thermal which means when it is made it is dumped into a coffee pot that is really a big thermos and that is how it stays hot. This means it stays hot really long without heating, burning, and thickening. It also means your first cup of coffee will be blistering hot and each on after a little less. But big deal, i made a pot of coffee this morning when i got up at 7am it is now 12:39pm and i am drinking my last cup and it is still hot (just not blistering hot).Common Complaints:Does it leak? Sure it does when you don't follow directions, or clean it right. Is it poorly designed? - Well there are things i would have done different but that is the case about anything. It works and works very well. It brews incredibly fast (a full pot in 5 minutes or under) and it brews blistering hot (the first cup is too hot for me often). Does it pour slowly? Well duh?Read more ›

  Mr. Coffee has really outdone themselves with the new improvements and designs to their latest Optimal Brew 10-Cup Thermal Coffeemaker. When choosing a great machine, I always research and compare with all my friends. When comparing machines, 5 brands stood out with many of the best features you would expect from a coffeemaker, including most importantly, a great cup of coffee. The top 5 best thermal coffeemakers that we found were Mr. Coffee, Bunn, Cuisinart, Capresso and Zojirushi. Zojirushi was eliminated due to terrible company support. For the machines themselves, Capresso seemed to have designs that were not as easy or convenient to use. This leaves the top 3- Mr. Coffee, Bunn and Cuisinart. All three are great designs, all 3 make a great cup of coffee and all 3 have great company support. All 3 also have what every Thermal Coffeemaker has- Leak and Weak. The thermal carafe's develop leaks around the seals and the coffee is more weak than most people would like.These are two issues that are easily remedied by a couple simple steps. First, to eliminate the leak around the carafe seal- hand wash the carafe only with Dawn dishwashing liquid. The seal gets worn from the acidic oils in the coffee- Dawn removes the acidic oils keeping the seal perfect with no more leaks. This really does work to stop those carafe seal leaks! The other big complaint is weak coffee, and it is a complaint with ALL the thermal coffeemakers we tried! We only use a medium grind coffee for drip automatic coffeemakers- exactly what they tell you to use. The directions tell you to use more coffee if it is too weak. This does help, but there are two other solutions that actually do work better.Read more ›

  I bought this coffee maker as a gift for Christmas--before I read the reviews. Once I read them, Mr. Coffee already wrapped in silver gift paper, I considered taking it back. I didn't. I kept it, and it was definitely the right decision.Mr. Coffee was unwrapped on Christmas Eve so that the coffee could be timed and ready for Christmas Morning. I noted to the gift recipient that this gift might suck. I also noted that all the reviews were split fifty-fifty between "best thing ever" and "worthless crap I shouldn't have bothered with." My gift of Mr. Coffee-brewed morning coffee was an accompaniment to a new newspaper subscription, so I knew, at least, that if I was cleaning an inaugural coffee flood Christmas Morning, the gift recipient was entertained with news for long enough that I could whip out the French Press and present the "old way" coffee with my announcement that Mr. Coffee did indeed suck, just like half of the reviews stated.It's been five days of use now, and here's the deal. I suspected that user error was responsible for most of the "this is crap!" responses. And I think my experience can confirm that. Here are the key things that you are probably concerned with based on other feedback:1. Will it explode and flood my counter, floor, rug, basement, or face? NO. There are three things that will cause a flood. One is not seating the water container correctly. Just like a humidifier, the water tank has to sit in the reservoir so that it makes a seal. If you put the tank in crooked, it doesn't seat properly. Then you get flood. If you put it straight in, no problem. Perfectly sealed water reservoir. The second is not emptying the carafe. If you poured new coffee into a full coffee mug, you'd get a flood. Same idea. Pretty simple.Read more ›

  This is the perfect solution for anyone who enjoys on-demand fresh brew, an occasional cup or who has no counter space for a larger unit. We already owned a 12-cup, much more elaborate electric coffee maker when I started searching for a Father's Day gift for my husband. He really likes coffee but not every day. And, he's the only one in our home who drinks it.Everything comes in a sturdy box suitable for gift wrapping. I gave it to him with various bags of gourmet ground coffee. Had I thought about it, I might have added a personalized mug, just to make the gift more special.The coffee brews in just a few minutes to the perfect temperature - no waiting for cool down. The white ceramic mug is a nice value-add; now my husband has a mug just for him. He likes the size of the mug handle - lots of room for man-sized fingers. The mug has no markings or label. You can add the amount of water for brew strength and the serving size you prefer. There are level marks inside the water reservoir - 8, 10, 12 and 14 ounces.The reuseable metal mesh basket filter is generously sized as well. There is more than enough room for extra grounds. This is an open-top filter and is not replaceable with k-cups nor similar disposable coffee pods.Even though it comes with a mug, the drip area is spacious; any mug will easily fit. The unit is short enough to store on a shelf inside our kitchen cabinet. There are three rubber feet, each about the size of a pencil eraser. These keep the coffee maker up off the counter a little bit and also deter skidding around. The entire unit is on the light side. The metal basket filter, filter housing, removable drip tray and grate survived our dishwasher. The mug survived our dishwasher and microwave. The coffee maker is black and grey plastic. The black electric cord is 27.5 inches long, including the plug. There is no cord keeper. This unit does not turn itself off. Everything is made in China.

  For me this "Kitchen Selectives 1-cup coffee maker" uses about one heaping tablespoon of loose grounds in the reusable mesh filter.I make tea by removing the mesh filter and putting a bag in its place, inside the filter cup.*I have also successfully used many different brands of the "soft" paper coffee pods. (basically the pod needs to be loose enough to take the shape of the filter cup)*It will not accommodate "hard" pods or fitted pods used for specific manufacturers!I found this machine,  with the included 12 ounce cup, makes the largest cup of all the other affordable makers.It can make a larger 14 ounce cup if you have a cup large enough to hold it!I am a 2 to 4 cup of coffee drinker a day and in the past two years this coffee maker has consistently delivered me Piping Hot cups of Coffee, Tea, and Water for soups.Everything still operates as new with no issues what so ever.Hope this helps!

  I purchased this particular one for my son. After researching several single cup coffee makers, we chose this one because you can use any coffee you chose -- not premeasured, expensive containers.  You can make it as weak or strong as you like and use your favorite brand of coffee.  It is noisy, but the unit is compact, looks good and clean-up is minimal.  Now, he can have his coffee fresh when he wants it and not from a pot sitting around for hours!  Perfect!

  Wish I would have purchased this sooner!  No more wasting coffee with the big machines for just one cup for yourself.  Perfect for the single coffee drinker in the house.  Takes less than 5 minutes to brew (I timed it). I also have used it for teas and hot chocolate. I love that I don't have to buy filters anymore and the cleanup (if any) is super easy.  I also like that there aren't pods that you have to buy either.  You can use your regular grounds you are used to.  You won't miss your auto-shut off feature.  You just get into the habit of flipping the switch to off when you take your cup to drink.  It's not any louder than any other coffee maker. The only thing I would recommend is to pour the water into the reservoir using a measuring cup with a spout otherwise you spill water on your counter if you just use the cup.  Also, I was having a problem with the machine not brewing all the water I would pour in but I quickly remedied that by running the cleaning cycle that you are supposed to do once a month which is easy to do with vinegar. Problem solved.

  I don't know what problem the previous reviewer is having.  I have this unit and it is wonderful.  It makes a single cup or mug of coffee just perfectly.  I love it!  Also works great if you want just hot water for tea or instant something.  Just make sure you turn it off when you're done, does not have automatic turn-off.  Great product for the money though!

  I've only had this for a week, but I really love it.  It's small, doesn't take up a ton of counter space (which I have very little of), and makes good coffee.  If I put cold filtered water in the machine, it comes out at a temperature that's just perfect for me to drink right away.  Super easy clean up - just rinse out the filter basket.  You do need to remember to shut off the unit, so an auto-shut off function would have been nice.  But, since it only takes 3 minutes to make a cup, it's pretty easy to make that part of the routine.  Great price, good coffee, fast shipping.  Wonderful purchase!UPDATE:  It's December and it's still working fine!  It even survived a visit from my constantly-coffee-drinking aunt a few months ago.  Would highly recommend.  :)

  I use this everyday. In the morning for work with "one to go" for driving. I use it to make hot water for tea instead of the microwave. I use it to make hot water for instant oatmeal. It does make hot water. Don't believe the reviews about it does not. It is very fast and easy to clean. I figured out to add one extra small spoon of coffee to make it a bit stronger. I add the hazelnut creamer and sweetener packs to the cup. I like it. It's simple and fast. I haven't tried the pods. They defeat the purpose of a good cup of coffee at a lower price. I did notice on Amazon there are make your own pods kits. I might try this for travel.

  I bought this coffee maker at Fred Meyer for half the price (can't remember if it was on sale or just THAT much cheaper).  I'm on here looking it up because my husband has taken up drinking coffee after I bought this and was looking to buy a second mug!Any way, the negative reviews, I just wanted to clear up that the coffee maker DOES turn off in what you would think is during the brewing process but that is not true.  What it does is kind of sucks up the water and once it has sucked up all of the water into the filter (don't ask me the technical terms for this process, lol) it will turn off and just drip the rest of the coffee out.  So basically, it's SUPPOSED to do that.  Turn it on, once, let it go, when you hear the gurgling sound it's about to shut off, let it shut off, let the rest of it drip into your cup.  Takes about 3-5 minutes after that process for it to be completely done.  If you turn it on again you're burning your coffee!  And total, it takes less than 10 minutes to get all 16 oz made.The design of it IS cheap, I'll agree with that, however I knocked it off my counter once (it's very light weight so I barely bumped it and off it flew) and it didn't get damaged so I would have to say it's at least durable.  The silver face plate has also popped off on me but it just snaps back on.  I'm VERY accident prone and rough with electronics and the like, so if it can survive me, it can survive anything, hehehe.But yeah, $45 is definitely too much for this brewer and I'm not sure why I was able to get it so cheap.  Look in the stores first!

  I just bought one on clearance at the local grocery. I just wanted to contribute that the coffee is just as hot and strong as when I used to make it. (I.e., the other reviews saying it's not hot or not strong may have defective units.).It's also easy to clean. The permanent fabric filter cup and drain cup come out. That's all that needs to be cleaned (except occasional wipe down, vinegar to decalcify, etc.).If you want to use a short mug, it will splatter. Solution is to use a small glass upside down. Sit the mug on top, so it's closer to the drip stream.

  After reading some of the reviews i was skeptical about trying it but decided to go ahead and see about. It works great have had no problems with it myself.

  Bought this to replace my single-serve B & D Brew and Go, which has served me well for several years. The Brew and Go uses a handled mug which I never liked, so, at 25 bucks, I thought I'd try the newer B & D Single Serve, which has a cup shape I like better, and a sleeker design. Unfortunately, I am very disappointed. The new Single Serve does not work nearly as well as my old Brew and Go. The design is sleek, but the coffee it produces, using the same amount of grinds and water as the Brew and Go, does not get warm enough, the coffee is very weak, and the mug only keeps the coffee drinkably warm for about 15 minutes. Additional minor negatives are that coffee continues to drip even ten minutes after it shuts off, the coffee-maker lid takes two hands to open, and it takes two hands to turn on the start switch. I really wanted this to be my next coffee maker, as it looks good on my counter, and I like the handleless mug, but I have switched back to my old brewer, and will take this one to Goodwill.B & D, you've lost me.

  Needed a small footprint coffee maker so this seemed to fit the bill. Yes, it is small and the fact it came with a reusable filter WAS a plus.  It is very cheap...and that is to be expected from a $20 machine built in China.  So basically the PROS are: Small and reusable filter.  CONS: Coffee doesn't come out HOT. It is nearly hot but I like my coffee hot.  The biggest issue is now, after 3 months it shuts off before it is done brewing! I have to hit the little button sometimes 3 times for it to finish. If it didn't break I might give it another star but really, it is a VERY cheaply made unit.  The travel mug is not for travel and doesn't insulate well.I'd pass on this one.

  I've owned a Black & Decker Brew & Go Coffee Maker for over 20 years.  I started with the original unit (DCM18S), and then recently graduated to the newer (taller) model (CM618).  The inexpensive little units had been perfect for me for almost 2 decades.  I have one at my home, and one at my office.Mind you, they don't last super long.  After about 2 years, the little units give out.  I'm totally fine with that.  They only cost about $25 (sometimes you can find them cheaper on sale), and I can say I MORE than get my money's worth out of them in that time.Which brings me to this newer model (CM618).  This one is designed to brew into a larger travel cup.  I didn't think it was possible to make this little machine any more perfect than it already was, but they did it!!!  Or so I thought.  I really like the design of the new model, because I use a travel mug.  Thus, this thing would have been the absolute best... IF IT WORKED!!!!  But it doesn't work!!  It freaking SUCKS!!I bought one about 6 months ago.  Got it home, and by second or third cup, the unit stopped brewing a full cup.  The unit would shut off with half the water still in the reservoir. I would be forced to turn the unit on again, and again, and again, to get it to finish a single cup (or in other words, use all the water in the reservoir).So I figured I had a bad unit.  No biggie.  I took it back and got a new one.  Then, 2 months later the same exact problem started occuring (not on every cup, but most).  It finally became so bad, I went shopping for a new coffee maker.  I looked at several other brands, and out of pure optimism, and brand loyalty, I (stupidly) bought the same unit again!!!  And... well... not surprisingly now, it does the same friggin thing.Read more ›

  I chose this grind and brew after reading all of the reviews for this and similar machines. Frankly, I am surprised by the negative comments. This is an easy to use machine once it is set up properly (the bean hopper takes a little of effort to snap in). The coffee tastes great and the parts are very easy to clean quickly. While the instruction book is not clear, Cuisinart was very helpful on the phone. The machine does not know how much water you put in, so if you set it to grind coffee for 6 cups and you have 8 cups of water in it, it will process all 8 cups of water. Other than this small quirk, the machine is a small wonder and I do not feel compelled to go out for coffee in the morning. The thermos carafe will keep the coffee quite warm for a few hours, even when the carafe is not warmed up with hot water. Wondering why it took me so long to go ahead and buy this machine. This is the best model; my neighbor has the first generation/second generation machine which is hard to clean and has a large footprint. Save your money and buy this model!Now that I have had the machine for a month and a half: It requires some cleaning to get the fine grounds that compress and stop the grinder and ground coffee to get into the filter for brewing. I use a bamboo chopstick and a skewer to break up the compressed fine grounds that impede the machine from working properly. (Unplug the machine and put it over the sink area). I also use compressed air to blow out the fine ground particles. Still, this is a small maintenance to allow for great coffee in the AM.

  I bought this coffeemaker after returning my Krups KM7000.  Overall, I have been pleased with this model, save for a few quirks.  The bottom line is that it makes OUTSTANDING, HOT coffee with great convenience in a design that appears very durable.  I have NOT had any problems with getting the pieces together and I do not find it complicated on a day-to-day basis whatsoever.PROS:-Coffee is full-bodied and flavorful.  I use the 4-cup setting with about 3 cups of water and the strength set to strong.  This uses the aroma feature, and the coffee is perfect.-Temperature is perfect, the hottest I've tasted from a model like this.  The base WARMS THE THERMAL CARAFE when the machine goes on, then goes off when the brew is complete.  This may theoretically be eliminating the effect of the cooling of hot coffee by a stone-cold carafe.  On the other hand, the carafe is highly insulated and it may be doing nothing.  The bottom line is that the temperature is perfect, the coffee is still hot even after adding cold milk.  The coffee remains hot for quite a while in the thermal carafe.-Design is quite nice- it is self contained as opposed to other mill & brew models that have parts that swing around.  The design feels very robust, there are no wimpy plastic bits.  There is a piece that fits over the grind basket that has a gear which appears to rotate, likely to keep steam out of the grinder.-It could not be easier to use on a daily basis - all I do is put in THE RIGHT amount of water, put the cover on top of the brew basket, and press program (I have it programmed for the same time every day).  After it brews and I pour the coffee, I swing out the basket, pour out the grinds & rinse the basket, rinse the carafe, and I'm ready to go.Read more ›

  This is a GREAT coffee maker.  The primary objections in other reviews I saw were 1) Weak coffee - I do not understand this as you can adjust both the strength of the brew as well as the quantity of beans ground (e.g. grind enough beans for 10 cups but only put in 8 cups of water).  We have actually had to reduce the strength settings as the strong setting was too rich for my wife ; 2) hard to pour - this is somewhat true as the opening on the carafe is very small (to preserve heat), but twisting the top open just slightly solves that problem; 3) coffee not hot enough - it is not as hot as what you would get at a specialty coffee shop - but it is still hot enough to make very good coffee.  We always rinse the carafe and our cups with hot water before we start and that seems to help a lot;  We do find that we need to microwave the coffee in the cup if it has been in the carafe for about an hour or more 4) difficult to program or set up - it does require being put together properly and it is somewhat more complex than the traditional drip coffee maker, but the setup requires about 20 seconds to master.  We leave the settings alone and just pour in water and add beans daily - so once it is set up, it is a "no brainer".  We have never had problems with grinds being spilled and I suspect that whoever did either had a defective unit, or did not put the basket into the unit properly.  My wife forgot to put the filter basket into the unit one time -- and it would not grind the beans until she did -- great feature.Read more ›
